// This list originated from http://mpqa.cs.pitt.edu/lexicons/subj_lexicon/ and has since been modified by me.
word=abandoned priorpolarity=negative
word=abandonment priorpolarity=negative
word=abandon priorpolarity=negative
word=abase priorpolarity=negative
word=abasement priorpolarity=negative
word=abash priorpolarity=negative
word=abate priorpolarity=negative
word=abdicate priorpolarity=negative
word=aberration priorpolarity=negative
word=aberration priorpolarity=negative
word=abhor priorpolarity=negative
word=abhor priorpolarity=negative
word=abhorred priorpolarity=negative
word=abhorrence priorpolarity=negative
word=abhorrent priorpolarity=negative
word=abhorrently priorpolarity=negative
word=abhors priorpolarity=negative
word=abhors priorpolarity=negative
word=abidance priorpolarity=positive
word=abidance priorpolarity=positive
word=abide priorpolarity=positive
word=abject priorpolarity=negative
word=abjectly priorpolarity=negative
word=abjure priorpolarity=negative
word=abilities priorpolarity=positive
word=ability priorpolarity=positive
word=able priorpolarity=positive
word=abnormal priorpolarity=negative
word=abolish priorpolarity=negative
word=abominable priorpolarity=negative
word=abominably priorpolarity=negative
word=abominate priorpolarity=negative
word=abomination priorpolarity=negative
word=above priorpolarity=positive
word=above-average priorpolarity=positive
word=abound priorpolarity=positive
word=abrade priorpolarity=negative
word=abrasive priorpolarity=negative
word=abrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=abscond priorpolarity=negative
word=absence priorpolarity=negative
word=absentee priorpolarity=negative
word=absent-minded priorpolarity=negative
word=absolve priorpolarity=positive
word=absolute priorpolarity=neutral
word=absolutely priorpolarity=neutral
word=absorbed priorpolarity=neutral
word=absurd priorpolarity=negative
word=absurdity priorpolarity=negative
word=absurdly priorpolarity=negative
word=absurdness priorpolarity=negative
word=abundant priorpolarity=positive
word=abundance priorpolarity=positive
word=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word=abuse priorpolarity=negative
word=abuses priorpolarity=negative
word=abuses priorpolarity=negative
word=abusive priorpolarity=negative
word=abysmal priorpolarity=negative
word=abysmally priorpolarity=negative
word=abyss priorpolarity=negative
word=accede priorpolarity=positive
word=accentuate priorpolarity=neutral
word=accept priorpolarity=positive
word=acceptance priorpolarity=positive
word=acceptable priorpolarity=positive
word=accessible priorpolarity=positive
word=accidental priorpolarity=negative
word=acclaim priorpolarity=positive
word=acclaim priorpolarity=positive
word=acclaimed priorpolarity=positive
word=acclamation priorpolarity=positive
word=accolade priorpolarity=positive
word=accolades priorpolarity=positive
word=accommodative priorpolarity=positive
word=accomplish priorpolarity=positive
word=accomplishment priorpolarity=positive
word=accomplishments priorpolarity=positive
word=accord priorpolarity=positive
word=accordance priorpolarity=positive
word=accordantly priorpolarity=positive
word=accost priorpolarity=negative
word=accountable priorpolarity=negative
word=accurate priorpolarity=positive
word=accurately priorpolarity=positive
word=accursed priorpolarity=negative
word=accusation priorpolarity=negative
word=accusation priorpolarity=negative
word=accusations priorpolarity=negative
word=accusations priorpolarity=negative
word=accuse priorpolarity=negative
word=accuses priorpolarity=negative
word=accusing priorpolarity=negative
word=accusingly priorpolarity=negative
word=acerbate priorpolarity=negative
word=acerbic priorpolarity=negative
word=acerbically priorpolarity=negative
word=ache priorpolarity=negative
word=achievable priorpolarity=positive
word=achieve priorpolarity=positive
word=achievement priorpolarity=positive
word=achievements priorpolarity=positive
word=acknowledge priorpolarity=positive
word=acknowledgement priorpolarity=positive
word=acquit priorpolarity=positive
word=acrid priorpolarity=negative
word=acridly priorpolarity=negative
word=acridness priorpolarity=negative
word=acrimonious priorpolarity=negative
word=acrimoniously priorpolarity=negative
word=acrimony priorpolarity=negative
word=active priorpolarity=positive
word=activist priorpolarity=neutral
word=activist priorpolarity=neutral
word=actual priorpolarity=neutral
word=actuality priorpolarity=neutral
word=actually priorpolarity=neutral
word=acumen priorpolarity=positive
word=adamant priorpolarity=negative
word=adamantly priorpolarity=negative
word=adaptable priorpolarity=positive
word=adaptability priorpolarity=positive
word=adaptive priorpolarity=positive
word=addict priorpolarity=negative
word=addiction priorpolarity=negative
word=adept priorpolarity=positive
word=adeptly priorpolarity=positive
word=adequate priorpolarity=positive
word=adherence priorpolarity=positive
word=adherent priorpolarity=positive
word=adhesion priorpolarity=positive
word=admirable priorpolarity=positive
word=admirer priorpolarity=positive
word=admirable priorpolarity=positive
word=admirably priorpolarity=positive
word=admiration priorpolarity=positive
word=admire priorpolarity=positive
word=admiring priorpolarity=positive
word=admiringly priorpolarity=positive
word=admission priorpolarity=positive
word=admission priorpolarity=positive
word=admit priorpolarity=positive
word=admittedly priorpolarity=positive
word=admonish priorpolarity=negative
word=admonisher priorpolarity=negative
word=admonishingly priorpolarity=negative
word=admonishment priorpolarity=negative
word=admonition priorpolarity=negative
word=adolescents priorpolarity=neutral
word=adolescents priorpolarity=neutral
word=adorable priorpolarity=positive
word=adore priorpolarity=positive
word=adored priorpolarity=positive
word=adorer priorpolarity=positive
word=adorer priorpolarity=positive
word=adoring priorpolarity=positive
word=adoringly priorpolarity=positive
word=adrift priorpolarity=negative
word=adroit priorpolarity=positive
word=adroitly priorpolarity=positive
word=adulate priorpolarity=positive
word=adulation priorpolarity=positive
word=adulatory priorpolarity=positive
word=adulterate priorpolarity=negative
word=adulterated priorpolarity=negative
word=adulteration priorpolarity=negative
word=advanced priorpolarity=positive
word=advantage priorpolarity=positive
word=advantage priorpolarity=positive
word=advantageous priorpolarity=positive
word=advantages priorpolarity=positive
word=advantages priorpolarity=positive
word=adventure priorpolarity=positive
word=adventure priorpolarity=positive
word=adventuresome priorpolarity=positive
word=adventurism priorpolarity=positive
word=adventurous priorpolarity=positive
word=adversarial priorpolarity=negative
word=adversary priorpolarity=negative
word=adverse priorpolarity=negative
word=adversity priorpolarity=negative
word=advice priorpolarity=positive
word=advice priorpolarity=positive
word=advisable priorpolarity=positive
word=advocate priorpolarity=positive
word=advocacy priorpolarity=positive
word=affable priorpolarity=positive
word=affability priorpolarity=positive
word=affably priorpolarity=positive
word=affect priorpolarity=neutral
word=affectation priorpolarity=negative
word=affected priorpolarity=neutral
word=affection priorpolarity=positive
word=affection priorpolarity=positive
word=affectionate priorpolarity=positive
word=affinity priorpolarity=positive
word=affirm priorpolarity=positive
word=affirmation priorpolarity=positive
word=affirmation priorpolarity=positive
word=affirmative priorpolarity=positive
word=afflict priorpolarity=negative
word=affliction priorpolarity=negative
word=afflictive priorpolarity=negative
word=affluent priorpolarity=positive
word=affluence priorpolarity=positive
word=afford priorpolarity=positive
word=affordable priorpolarity=positive
word=affront priorpolarity=negative
word=affront priorpolarity=negative
word=afloat priorpolarity=positive
word=afraid priorpolarity=negative
word=against priorpolarity=negative
word=aggravate priorpolarity=negative
word=aggravating priorpolarity=negative
word=aggravation priorpolarity=negative
word=aggression priorpolarity=negative
word=aggression priorpolarity=negative
word=aggressive priorpolarity=negative
word=aggressiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=aggressor priorpolarity=negative
word=aggrieve priorpolarity=negative
word=aggrieved priorpolarity=negative
word=aghast priorpolarity=negative
word=agile priorpolarity=positive
word=agilely priorpolarity=positive
word=agility priorpolarity=positive
word=agitate priorpolarity=negative
word=agitated priorpolarity=negative
word=agitation priorpolarity=negative
word=agitator priorpolarity=negative
word=agonies priorpolarity=negative
word=agonize priorpolarity=negative
word=agonizing priorpolarity=negative
word=agonizing priorpolarity=negative
word=agonizingly priorpolarity=negative
word=agony priorpolarity=negative
word=agree priorpolarity=positive
word=agreeability priorpolarity=positive
word=agreeable priorpolarity=positive
word=agreeable priorpolarity=positive
word=agreeableness priorpolarity=positive
word=agreeably priorpolarity=positive
word=agreement priorpolarity=positive
word=agreement priorpolarity=positive
word=aha priorpolarity=neutral
word=ail priorpolarity=negative
word=ail priorpolarity=negative
word=ailment priorpolarity=negative
word=aimless priorpolarity=negative
word=air priorpolarity=neutral
word=airs priorpolarity=negative
word=airs priorpolarity=negative
word=alarm priorpolarity=negative
word=alarm priorpolarity=negative
word=alarmed priorpolarity=negative
word=alarming priorpolarity=negative
word=alarmingly priorpolarity=negative
word=alas priorpolarity=negative
word=alert priorpolarity=neutral
word=alienate priorpolarity=negative
word=alienated priorpolarity=negative
word=alienation priorpolarity=negative
word=all-time priorpolarity=neutral
word=all-time priorpolarity=neutral
word=allay priorpolarity=positive
word=allegation priorpolarity=negative
word=allegations priorpolarity=negative
word=allege priorpolarity=negative
word=allegations priorpolarity=negative
word=allegorize priorpolarity=neutral
word=allergic priorpolarity=negative
word=alleviate priorpolarity=positive
word=alliance priorpolarity=neutral
word=alliances priorpolarity=neutral
word=alliances priorpolarity=neutral
word=allow priorpolarity=positive
word=allowable priorpolarity=positive
word=allure priorpolarity=positive
word=allure priorpolarity=positive
word=alluring priorpolarity=positive
word=alluringly priorpolarity=positive
word=allusion priorpolarity=neutral
word=allusion priorpolarity=neutral
word=allusions priorpolarity=neutral
word=ally priorpolarity=positive
word=almighty priorpolarity=positive
word=aloof priorpolarity=negative
word=altercation priorpolarity=negative
word=although priorpolarity=negative
word=altogether priorpolarity=neutral
word=altruist priorpolarity=positive
word=altruistic priorpolarity=positive
word=altruistically priorpolarity=positive
word=amaze priorpolarity=positive
word=amazed priorpolarity=positive
word=amazement priorpolarity=positive
word=amazing priorpolarity=positive
word=amazing priorpolarity=positive
word=amazingly priorpolarity=positive
word=ambiguous priorpolarity=negative
word=ambiguity priorpolarity=negative
word=ambitious priorpolarity=positive
word=ambitious priorpolarity=positive
word=ambitiously priorpolarity=positive
word=ambivalence priorpolarity=negative
word=ambivalent priorpolarity=negative
word=ambivalent priorpolarity=negative
word=ambush priorpolarity=negative
word=ambush priorpolarity=negative
word=ameliorate priorpolarity=positive
word=amenable priorpolarity=positive
word=amenity priorpolarity=positive
word=amiability priorpolarity=positive
word=amiabily priorpolarity=positive
word=amiable priorpolarity=positive
word=amicability priorpolarity=positive
word=amicable priorpolarity=positive
word=amicably priorpolarity=positive
word=amiss priorpolarity=negative
word=amity priorpolarity=positive
word=amity priorpolarity=positive
word=amnesty priorpolarity=positive
word=amour priorpolarity=positive
word=ample priorpolarity=positive
word=amply priorpolarity=positive
word=amplify priorpolarity=neutral
word=amputate priorpolarity=negative
word=amuse priorpolarity=positive
word=amusement priorpolarity=positive
word=amusement priorpolarity=positive
word=amusing priorpolarity=positive
word=amusing priorpolarity=positive
word=amusingly priorpolarity=positive
word=analytical priorpolarity=neutral
word=anarchism priorpolarity=negative
word=anarchist priorpolarity=negative
word=anarchistic priorpolarity=negative
word=anarchy priorpolarity=negative
word=anemic priorpolarity=negative
word=angel priorpolarity=positive
word=angelic priorpolarity=positive
word=anger priorpolarity=negative
word=anger priorpolarity=negative
word=anger priorpolarity=negative
word=angrily priorpolarity=negative
word=angriness priorpolarity=negative
word=angry priorpolarity=negative
word=anguish priorpolarity=negative
word=anguish priorpolarity=negative
word=annihilate priorpolarity=negative
word=annihilation priorpolarity=negative
word=animated priorpolarity=positive
word=animosity priorpolarity=negative
word=annoy priorpolarity=negative
word=annoyance priorpolarity=negative
word=annoyed priorpolarity=negative
word=annoying priorpolarity=negative
word=annoying priorpolarity=negative
word=annoyingly priorpolarity=negative
word=anomalous priorpolarity=negative
word=anomaly priorpolarity=negative
word=antagonism priorpolarity=negative
word=antagonist priorpolarity=negative
word=antagonistic priorpolarity=negative
word=antagonize priorpolarity=negative
word=anti- priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-American priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-American priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-Israeli priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-Israeli priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-Semites priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-Semites priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-US priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-US priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-occupation priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-occupation priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-proliferation priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-proliferation priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-social priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-white priorpolarity=negative
word=anti-white priorpolarity=negative
word=antipathy priorpolarity=negative
word=antiquated priorpolarity=negative
word=antithetical priorpolarity=negative
word=antithetical priorpolarity=negative
word=anxieties priorpolarity=negative
word=anxiety priorpolarity=negative
word=anxious priorpolarity=negative
word=anxiously priorpolarity=negative
word=anxiousness priorpolarity=negative
word=anyhow priorpolarity=neutral
word=anyway priorpolarity=neutral
word=anyways priorpolarity=neutral
word=apathetic priorpolarity=negative
word=apathetic priorpolarity=negative
word=apathetically priorpolarity=negative
word=apathy priorpolarity=negative
word=ape priorpolarity=negative
word=apocalypse priorpolarity=negative
word=apocalyptic priorpolarity=negative
word=apologist priorpolarity=negative
word=apologist priorpolarity=negative
word=apologists priorpolarity=negative
word=apologists priorpolarity=negative
word=apostle priorpolarity=positive
word=apostle priorpolarity=positive
word=apotheosis priorpolarity=positive
word=apotheosis priorpolarity=positive
word=appal priorpolarity=negative
word=appall priorpolarity=negative
word=appall priorpolarity=negative
word=appall priorpolarity=negative
word=appalled priorpolarity=negative
word=appalling priorpolarity=negative
word=appallingly priorpolarity=negative
word=apparent priorpolarity=neutral
word=apparently priorpolarity=neutral
word=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word=appeal priorpolarity=positive
word=appealing priorpolarity=positive
word=appear priorpolarity=neutral
word=appearance priorpolarity=neutral
word=appearance priorpolarity=neutral
word=appease priorpolarity=positive
word=applaud priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciable priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciate priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciation priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciation priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciative priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciatively priorpolarity=positive
word=appreciativeness priorpolarity=positive
word=apprehend priorpolarity=neutral
word=apprehension priorpolarity=negative
word=apprehensions priorpolarity=negative
word=apprehensions priorpolarity=negative
word=apprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word=apprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word=apprehensively priorpolarity=negative
word=appropriate priorpolarity=positive
word=approval priorpolarity=positive
word=approve priorpolarity=positive
word=apt priorpolarity=positive
word=aptly priorpolarity=positive
word=aptitude priorpolarity=positive
word=arbitrary priorpolarity=negative
word=arcane priorpolarity=negative
word=archaic priorpolarity=negative
word=ardent priorpolarity=positive
word=ardently priorpolarity=positive
word=ardor priorpolarity=positive
word=arduous priorpolarity=negative
word=arduously priorpolarity=negative
word=aristocratic priorpolarity=positive
word=argue priorpolarity=negative
word=argument priorpolarity=negative
word=argument priorpolarity=negative
word=argumentative priorpolarity=negative
word=arguments priorpolarity=negative
word=arguments priorpolarity=negative
word=arousal priorpolarity=positive
word=arouse priorpolarity=positive
word=arousing priorpolarity=positive
word=arresting priorpolarity=positive
word=arrogance priorpolarity=negative
word=arrogant priorpolarity=negative
word=arrogant priorpolarity=negative
word=arrogantly priorpolarity=negative
word=arrogantly priorpolarity=negative
word=articulate priorpolarity=positive
word=artificial priorpolarity=negative
word=ascendant priorpolarity=positive
word=ascendant priorpolarity=positive
word=ascertainable priorpolarity=positive
word=ascertainable priorpolarity=positive
word=ashamed priorpolarity=negative
word=asinine priorpolarity=negative
word=asininely priorpolarity=negative
word=asinininity priorpolarity=negative
word=askance priorpolarity=negative
word=asperse priorpolarity=negative
word=aspersion priorpolarity=negative
word=aspersions priorpolarity=negative
word=aspiration priorpolarity=positive
word=aspirations priorpolarity=positive
word=aspirations priorpolarity=positive
word=aspire priorpolarity=positive
word=assail priorpolarity=negative
word=assassinate priorpolarity=negative
word=assassin priorpolarity=negative
word=assault priorpolarity=negative
word=assault priorpolarity=negative
word=assent priorpolarity=positive
word=assertions priorpolarity=positive
word=assertions priorpolarity=positive
word=assertive priorpolarity=positive
word=assess priorpolarity=neutral
word=assessment priorpolarity=neutral
word=assessment priorpolarity=neutral
word=assessments priorpolarity=neutral
word=assessments priorpolarity=neutral
word=asset priorpolarity=positive
word=assiduous priorpolarity=positive
word=assiduously priorpolarity=positive
word=assuage priorpolarity=positive
word=assumption priorpolarity=neutral
word=assumption priorpolarity=neutral
word=assurance priorpolarity=positive
word=assurance priorpolarity=positive
word=assurances priorpolarity=positive
word=assurances priorpolarity=positive
word=assure priorpolarity=positive
word=assuredly priorpolarity=positive
word=astonish priorpolarity=positive
word=astonished priorpolarity=positive
word=astonishing priorpolarity=positive
word=astonishing priorpolarity=positive
word=astonishingly priorpolarity=positive
word=astonishment priorpolarity=positive
word=astound priorpolarity=positive
word=astounded priorpolarity=positive
word=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word=astounding priorpolarity=positive
word=astoundingly priorpolarity=positive
word=astray priorpolarity=negative
word=astronomic priorpolarity=neutral
word=astronomical priorpolarity=neutral
word=astronomically priorpolarity=neutral
word=astute priorpolarity=positive
word=astutely priorpolarity=positive
word=asunder priorpolarity=negative
word=asylum priorpolarity=positive
word=asylum priorpolarity=positive
word=atrocious priorpolarity=negative
word=atrocities priorpolarity=negative
word=atrocity priorpolarity=negative
word=atrophy priorpolarity=negative
word=attack priorpolarity=negative
word=attack priorpolarity=negative
word=attain priorpolarity=positive
word=attainable priorpolarity=positive
word=attentive priorpolarity=positive
word=attest priorpolarity=positive
word=attitude priorpolarity=neutral
word=attitude priorpolarity=neutral
word=attitudes priorpolarity=neutral
word=attitudes priorpolarity=neutral
word=attraction priorpolarity=positive
word=attraction priorpolarity=positive
word=attractive priorpolarity=positive
word=attractive priorpolarity=positive
word=attractively priorpolarity=positive
word=attune priorpolarity=positive
word=audacious priorpolarity=negative
word=audaciously priorpolarity=negative
word=audaciousness priorpolarity=negative
word=audacity priorpolarity=negative
word=auspicious priorpolarity=positive
word=austere priorpolarity=negative
word=authentic priorpolarity=positive
word=authoritarian priorpolarity=negative
word=authoritative priorpolarity=positive
word=autocrat priorpolarity=negative
word=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word=award priorpolarity=positive
word=award priorpolarity=positive
word=awareness priorpolarity=neutral
word=aware priorpolarity=neutral
word=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word=autocratic priorpolarity=negative
word=autonomous priorpolarity=positive
word=avalanche priorpolarity=negative
word=avalanche priorpolarity=negative
word=avarice priorpolarity=negative
word=avaricious priorpolarity=negative
word=avariciously priorpolarity=negative
word=avenge priorpolarity=negative
word=aver priorpolarity=positive
word=averse priorpolarity=negative
word=aversion priorpolarity=negative
word=avid priorpolarity=positive
word=avidly priorpolarity=positive
word=avoid priorpolarity=negative
word=avoidance priorpolarity=negative
word=awe priorpolarity=positive
word=awe priorpolarity=positive
word=awed priorpolarity=positive
word=awesome priorpolarity=positive
word=awesome priorpolarity=positive
word=awesomely priorpolarity=positive
word=awesomeness priorpolarity=positive
word=awestruck priorpolarity=positive
word=awful priorpolarity=negative
word=awful priorpolarity=negative
word=awfully priorpolarity=negative
word=awfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=awfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=awkward priorpolarity=negative
word=awkwardness priorpolarity=negative
word=ax priorpolarity=negative
word=babble priorpolarity=negative
word=baby priorpolarity=neutral
word=baby priorpolarity=neutral
word=back priorpolarity=positive
word=backbite priorpolarity=negative
word=backbiting priorpolarity=negative
word=backbone priorpolarity=positive
word=backward priorpolarity=negative
word=backwardness priorpolarity=negative
word=bad priorpolarity=negative
word=badly priorpolarity=negative
word=baffle priorpolarity=negative
word=baffled priorpolarity=negative
word=bafflement priorpolarity=negative
word=baffling priorpolarity=negative
word=bait priorpolarity=negative
word=balanced priorpolarity=positive
word=balk priorpolarity=negative
word=banal priorpolarity=negative
word=banal priorpolarity=negative
word=banalize priorpolarity=negative
word=bane priorpolarity=negative
word=banish priorpolarity=negative
word=banish priorpolarity=negative
word=banishment priorpolarity=negative
word=bankrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=bankrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=bar priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarian priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarian priorpolarity=negative
word=barbaric priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarically priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarity priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarity priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarous priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarous priorpolarity=negative
word=barbarously priorpolarity=negative
word=barely priorpolarity=negative
word=bargain priorpolarity=positive
word=bargain priorpolarity=positive
word=barren priorpolarity=negative
word=baseless priorpolarity=negative
word=bashful priorpolarity=negative
word=basic priorpolarity=positive
word=basically priorpolarity=neutral
word=bask priorpolarity=positive
word=bastard priorpolarity=negative
word=bastard priorpolarity=negative
word=batons priorpolarity=neutral
word=batons priorpolarity=neutral
word=battered priorpolarity=negative
word=battering priorpolarity=negative
word=battering priorpolarity=negative
word=battle priorpolarity=negative
word=battle-lines priorpolarity=negative
word=battle-lines priorpolarity=negative
word=battlefield priorpolarity=negative
word=battleground priorpolarity=negative
word=battleground priorpolarity=negative
word=batty priorpolarity=negative
word=beacon priorpolarity=positive
word=bearish priorpolarity=negative
word=beast priorpolarity=negative
word=beast priorpolarity=negative
word=beastly priorpolarity=negative
word=beatify priorpolarity=positive
word=beauteous priorpolarity=positive
word=beautiful priorpolarity=positive
word=beautiful priorpolarity=positive
word=beautifully priorpolarity=positive
word=beautify priorpolarity=positive
word=beauty priorpolarity=positive
word=bedlam priorpolarity=negative
word=bedlamite priorpolarity=negative
word=befit priorpolarity=positive
word=befitting priorpolarity=positive
word=befoul priorpolarity=negative
word=befriend priorpolarity=positive
word=beg priorpolarity=negative
word=beggar priorpolarity=negative
word=beggarly priorpolarity=negative
word=begging priorpolarity=negative
word=begging priorpolarity=negative
word=beguile priorpolarity=negative
word=belated priorpolarity=negative
word=belabor priorpolarity=negative
word=beleaguer priorpolarity=negative
word=belie priorpolarity=negative
word=belief priorpolarity=neutral
word=belief priorpolarity=neutral
word=beliefs priorpolarity=neutral
word=beliefs priorpolarity=neutral
word=believable priorpolarity=positive
word=believe priorpolarity=neutral
word=belittle priorpolarity=negative
word=belittled priorpolarity=negative
word=belittling priorpolarity=negative
word=bellicose priorpolarity=negative
word=bellicose priorpolarity=negative
word=belligerence priorpolarity=negative
word=belligerent priorpolarity=negative
word=belligerent priorpolarity=negative
word=belligerently priorpolarity=negative
word=beloved priorpolarity=positive
word=bemoan priorpolarity=negative
word=bemoaning priorpolarity=negative
word=bemused priorpolarity=negative
word=benefactor priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficial priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficent priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficial priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficially priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficiary priorpolarity=positive
word=beneficiary priorpolarity=positive
word=benefit priorpolarity=positive
word=benefit priorpolarity=positive
word=benefits priorpolarity=positive
word=benefits priorpolarity=positive
word=benevolence priorpolarity=positive
word=benevolent priorpolarity=positive
word=benign priorpolarity=positive
word=bent priorpolarity=negative
word=berate priorpolarity=negative
word=bereave priorpolarity=negative
word=bereavement priorpolarity=negative
word=bereft priorpolarity=negative
word=berserk priorpolarity=negative
word=beseech priorpolarity=negative
word=beset priorpolarity=negative
word=besides priorpolarity=neutral
word=besiege priorpolarity=negative
word=besmirch priorpolarity=negative
word=best priorpolarity=positive
word=best-known priorpolarity=positive
word=best-performing priorpolarity=positive
word=best-selling priorpolarity=positive
word=bestial priorpolarity=negative
word=betray priorpolarity=negative
word=betrayal priorpolarity=negative
word=betrayals priorpolarity=negative
word=betrayer priorpolarity=negative
word=better priorpolarity=positive
word=better priorpolarity=positive
word=better-known priorpolarity=positive
word=better-than-expected priorpolarity=positive
word=bewail priorpolarity=negative
word=beware priorpolarity=negative
word=bewilder priorpolarity=negative
word=bewildered priorpolarity=negative
word=bewildering priorpolarity=negative
word=bewildering priorpolarity=negative
word=bewilderingly priorpolarity=negative
word=bewilderment priorpolarity=negative
word=bewitch priorpolarity=negative
word=bias priorpolarity=negative
word=bias priorpolarity=negative
word=bias priorpolarity=negative
word=biased priorpolarity=negative
word=biased priorpolarity=negative
word=biases priorpolarity=negative
word=biases priorpolarity=negative
word=bicker priorpolarity=negative
word=bickering priorpolarity=negative
word=bid-rigging priorpolarity=negative
word=big priorpolarity=neutral
word=bitch priorpolarity=negative
word=bitchy priorpolarity=negative
word=biting priorpolarity=negative
word=bitingly priorpolarity=negative
word=bitter priorpolarity=negative
word=bitterly priorpolarity=negative
word=bitterness priorpolarity=negative
word=bizarre priorpolarity=negative
word=blab priorpolarity=negative
word=blabber priorpolarity=negative
word=black priorpolarity=negative
word=blackmail priorpolarity=negative
word=blah priorpolarity=negative
word=blame priorpolarity=negative
word=blame priorpolarity=negative
word=blame priorpolarity=negative
word=blameless priorpolarity=positive
word=blameworthy priorpolarity=negative
word=bland priorpolarity=negative
word=blandish priorpolarity=negative
word=blaspheme priorpolarity=negative
word=blasphemous priorpolarity=negative
word=blasphemous priorpolarity=negative
word=blasphemy priorpolarity=negative
word=blast priorpolarity=negative
word=blasted priorpolarity=negative
word=blatant priorpolarity=negative
word=blatantly priorpolarity=negative
word=blather priorpolarity=negative
word=bleak priorpolarity=negative
word=bleakly priorpolarity=negative
word=bleakness priorpolarity=negative
word=bleed priorpolarity=negative
word=blemish priorpolarity=negative
word=blemish priorpolarity=negative
word=bless priorpolarity=positive
word=blessing priorpolarity=positive
word=blessing priorpolarity=positive
word=blind priorpolarity=negative
word=blinding priorpolarity=negative
word=blinding priorpolarity=negative
word=blindingly priorpolarity=negative
word=blindness priorpolarity=negative
word=blindside priorpolarity=negative
word=bliss priorpolarity=positive
word=blissful priorpolarity=positive
word=blissfully priorpolarity=positive
word=blister priorpolarity=negative
word=blistering priorpolarity=negative
word=blithe priorpolarity=positive
word=bloated priorpolarity=negative
word=block priorpolarity=negative
word=block priorpolarity=negative
word=blockhead priorpolarity=negative
word=blood priorpolarity=neutral
word=blood priorpolarity=negative
word=bloodshed priorpolarity=negative
word=bloodthirsty priorpolarity=negative
word=bloody priorpolarity=negative
word=bloom priorpolarity=positive
word=blossom priorpolarity=positive
word=blow priorpolarity=negative
word=blow priorpolarity=negative
word=blunder priorpolarity=negative
word=blunder priorpolarity=negative
word=blundering priorpolarity=negative
word=blunders priorpolarity=negative
word=blunt priorpolarity=negative
word=blur priorpolarity=negative
word=blurt priorpolarity=negative
word=boast priorpolarity=positive
word=boast priorpolarity=negative
word=boastful priorpolarity=negative
word=boggle priorpolarity=negative
word=bogus priorpolarity=negative
word=boil priorpolarity=negative
word=boiling priorpolarity=negative
word=boisterous priorpolarity=negative
word=bold priorpolarity=positive
word=boldly priorpolarity=positive
word=boldness priorpolarity=positive
word=bolster priorpolarity=positive
word=bombard priorpolarity=negative
word=bomb priorpolarity=negative
word=bombardment priorpolarity=negative
word=bombardment priorpolarity=negative
word=bombastic priorpolarity=negative
word=bondage priorpolarity=negative
word=bonkers priorpolarity=negative
word=bonkers priorpolarity=negative
word=bonny priorpolarity=positive
word=bonus priorpolarity=positive
word=boom priorpolarity=positive
word=booming priorpolarity=positive
word=boost priorpolarity=positive
word=boost priorpolarity=positive
word=bore priorpolarity=negative
word=boredom priorpolarity=negative
word=boring priorpolarity=negative
word=boring priorpolarity=negative
word=botch priorpolarity=negative
word=bother priorpolarity=negative
word=bother priorpolarity=negative
word=bothersome priorpolarity=negative
word=boundless priorpolarity=positive
word=bountiful priorpolarity=positive
word=bowdlerize priorpolarity=negative
word=boycott priorpolarity=negative
word=boycott priorpolarity=negative
word=brag priorpolarity=both
word=brag priorpolarity=both
word=braggart priorpolarity=negative
word=braggart priorpolarity=negative
word=bragger priorpolarity=negative
word=bragger priorpolarity=negative
word=brains priorpolarity=positive
word=brains priorpolarity=positive
word=brainwash priorpolarity=negative
word=brainy priorpolarity=positive
word=brash priorpolarity=negative
word=brashly priorpolarity=negative
word=brashness priorpolarity=negative
word=brat priorpolarity=negative
word=bravado priorpolarity=negative
word=brave priorpolarity=positive
word=brave priorpolarity=positive
word=bravery priorpolarity=positive
word=bravery priorpolarity=positive
word=brazen priorpolarity=negative
word=brazenly priorpolarity=negative
word=brazenly priorpolarity=negative
word=brazenness priorpolarity=negative
word=brazenness priorpolarity=negative
word=breach priorpolarity=negative
word=breach priorpolarity=negative
word=break priorpolarity=negative
word=break-point priorpolarity=negative
word=break-point priorpolarity=negative
word=breakdown priorpolarity=negative
word=breakthrough priorpolarity=positive
word=breakthrough priorpolarity=positive
word=breakthroughs priorpolarity=positive
word=breakthroughs priorpolarity=positive
word=breathlessness priorpolarity=positive
word=breathlessness priorpolarity=positive
word=breathtaking priorpolarity=positive
word=breathtakingly priorpolarity=positive
word=bright priorpolarity=positive
word=brighten priorpolarity=positive
word=brightness priorpolarity=positive
word=brilliance priorpolarity=positive
word=brilliant priorpolarity=positive
word=brilliant priorpolarity=positive
word=brilliantly priorpolarity=positive
word=brimstone priorpolarity=negative
word=brimstone priorpolarity=negative
word=brisk priorpolarity=positive
word=bristle priorpolarity=negative
word=brittle priorpolarity=negative
word=broad priorpolarity=positive
word=broad-based priorpolarity=neutral
word=broke priorpolarity=negative
word=broken-hearted priorpolarity=negative
word=brood priorpolarity=negative
word=brook priorpolarity=positive
word=brotherly priorpolarity=positive
word=browbeat priorpolarity=negative
word=bruise priorpolarity=negative
word=brusque priorpolarity=negative
word=brutal priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalising priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalising priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalities priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalities priorpolarity=negative
word=brutality priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalize priorpolarity=negative
word=brutalizing priorpolarity=negative
word=brutally priorpolarity=negative
word=brute priorpolarity=negative
word=brutish priorpolarity=negative
word=bug priorpolarity=negative
word=buckle priorpolarity=negative
word=bulky priorpolarity=negative
word=bull priorpolarity=positive
word=bull priorpolarity=positive
word=bullies priorpolarity=negative
word=bullies priorpolarity=negative
word=bullish priorpolarity=positive
word=bullish priorpolarity=positive
word=bully priorpolarity=negative
word=bully priorpolarity=negative
word=bullyingly priorpolarity=negative
word=bum priorpolarity=negative
word=bumpy priorpolarity=negative
word=bungle priorpolarity=negative
word=bungler priorpolarity=negative
word=bunk priorpolarity=negative
word=buoyant priorpolarity=positive
word=burden priorpolarity=negative
word=burden priorpolarity=negative
word=burdensome priorpolarity=negative
word=burdensome priorpolarity=negative
word=burdensomely priorpolarity=negative
word=burn priorpolarity=negative
word=busy priorpolarity=negative
word=busybody priorpolarity=negative
word=butcher priorpolarity=negative
word=butchery priorpolarity=negative
word=byzantine priorpolarity=negative
word=cackle priorpolarity=negative
word=cajole priorpolarity=negative
word=calamities priorpolarity=negative
word=calamitous priorpolarity=negative
word=calamitously priorpolarity=negative
word=calamity priorpolarity=negative
word=calamity priorpolarity=negative
word=callous priorpolarity=negative
word=calm priorpolarity=positive
word=calm priorpolarity=positive
word=calming priorpolarity=positive
word=calmness priorpolarity=positive
word=calumniate priorpolarity=negative
word=calumniation priorpolarity=negative
word=calumnies priorpolarity=negative
word=calumnious priorpolarity=negative
word=calumniously priorpolarity=negative
word=calumny priorpolarity=negative
word=cancer priorpolarity=negative
word=cancerous priorpolarity=negative
word=candid priorpolarity=positive
word=candor priorpolarity=positive
word=cannibal priorpolarity=negative
word=cannibalize priorpolarity=negative
word=capable priorpolarity=positive
word=capability priorpolarity=positive
word=capably priorpolarity=positive
word=capitalize priorpolarity=positive
word=capitulate priorpolarity=negative
word=capricious priorpolarity=negative
word=capriciously priorpolarity=negative
word=capriciousness priorpolarity=negative
word=capsize priorpolarity=negative
word=captivate priorpolarity=positive
word=captivating priorpolarity=positive
word=captivation priorpolarity=positive
word=captive priorpolarity=negative
word=care priorpolarity=positive
word=carefree priorpolarity=positive
word=careful priorpolarity=positive
word=careless priorpolarity=negative
word=carelessness priorpolarity=negative
word=caricature priorpolarity=negative
word=carnage priorpolarity=negative
word=carp priorpolarity=negative
word=cartoon priorpolarity=negative
word=cartoon priorpolarity=negative
word=cartoonish priorpolarity=negative
word=cash-strapped priorpolarity=negative
word=castigate priorpolarity=negative
word=casualty priorpolarity=negative
word=cataclysm priorpolarity=negative
word=cataclysmal priorpolarity=negative
word=cataclysmic priorpolarity=negative
word=cataclysmically priorpolarity=negative
word=catalyst priorpolarity=positive
word=catalyst priorpolarity=positive
word=catastrophe priorpolarity=negative
word=catastrophe priorpolarity=negative
word=catastrophes priorpolarity=negative
word=catastrophic priorpolarity=negative
word=catastrophic priorpolarity=negative
word=catastrophically priorpolarity=negative
word=catchy priorpolarity=positive
word=caustic priorpolarity=negative
word=caustically priorpolarity=negative
word=cautionary priorpolarity=negative
word=cautious priorpolarity=negative
word=cave priorpolarity=negative
word=ceaseless priorpolarity=neutral
word=celebrate priorpolarity=positive
word=celebrated priorpolarity=positive
word=celebration priorpolarity=positive
word=celebratory priorpolarity=positive
word=celebrity priorpolarity=positive
word=censure priorpolarity=negative
word=censure priorpolarity=negative
word=censure priorpolarity=negative
word=central priorpolarity=neutral
word=certain priorpolarity=neutral
word=certainly priorpolarity=neutral
word=certified priorpolarity=neutral
word=chafe priorpolarity=negative
word=chaff priorpolarity=negative
word=chagrin priorpolarity=negative
word=chagrin priorpolarity=negative
word=challenge priorpolarity=negative
word=challenge priorpolarity=negative
word=challenging priorpolarity=negative
word=champion priorpolarity=positive
word=champion priorpolarity=positive
word=champ priorpolarity=positive
word=champion priorpolarity=positive
word=chant priorpolarity=neutral
word=chant priorpolarity=neutral
word=chaos priorpolarity=negative
word=chaotic priorpolarity=negative
word=charisma priorpolarity=negative
word=charismatic priorpolarity=positive
word=charitable priorpolarity=positive
word=charitable priorpolarity=positive
word=charity priorpolarity=positive
word=charm priorpolarity=positive
word=charm priorpolarity=positive
word=charm priorpolarity=positive
word=charming priorpolarity=positive
word=charming priorpolarity=positive
word=charmingly priorpolarity=positive
word=chaste priorpolarity=positive
word=chasten priorpolarity=negative
word=chastise priorpolarity=negative
word=chastisement priorpolarity=negative
word=chatter priorpolarity=negative
word=chatterbox priorpolarity=negative
word=cheapen priorpolarity=negative
word=cheap priorpolarity=negative
word=cheat priorpolarity=negative
word=cheat priorpolarity=negative
word=cheater priorpolarity=negative
word=cheer priorpolarity=positive
word=cheer priorpolarity=positive
word=cheery priorpolarity=positive
word=cheerful priorpolarity=positive
word=cheerless priorpolarity=negative
word=cherish priorpolarity=positive
word=cherished priorpolarity=positive
word=cherub priorpolarity=positive
word=chic priorpolarity=positive
word=chide priorpolarity=negative
word=childish priorpolarity=negative
word=chill priorpolarity=negative
word=chilly priorpolarity=negative
word=chit priorpolarity=negative
word=chivalry priorpolarity=positive
word=chivalrous priorpolarity=positive
word=choppy priorpolarity=negative
word=choke priorpolarity=negative
word=chore priorpolarity=negative
word=chronic priorpolarity=negative
word=chum priorpolarity=positive
word=civility priorpolarity=positive
word=civilization priorpolarity=positive
word=civilize priorpolarity=positive
word=civilize priorpolarity=positive
word=civil priorpolarity=positive
word=claim priorpolarity=neutral
word=clamor priorpolarity=negative
word=clamorous priorpolarity=negative
word=clandestine priorpolarity=neutral
word=clarity priorpolarity=positive
word=clash priorpolarity=negative
word=clash priorpolarity=negative
word=classic priorpolarity=positive
word=clean priorpolarity=positive
word=cleanliness priorpolarity=positive
word=cleanse priorpolarity=positive
word=clear priorpolarity=positive
word=clear-cut priorpolarity=positive
word=clearer priorpolarity=positive
word=clearer priorpolarity=positive
word=clearly priorpolarity=positive
word=clever priorpolarity=positive
word=cliche priorpolarity=negative
word=cliched priorpolarity=negative
word=clique priorpolarity=negative
word=clog priorpolarity=negative
word=close priorpolarity=negative
word=closeness priorpolarity=positive
word=closeness priorpolarity=positive
word=cloud priorpolarity=negative
word=clout priorpolarity=positive
word=clout priorpolarity=positive
word=clumsy priorpolarity=negative
word=co-operation priorpolarity=positive
word=co-operation priorpolarity=positive
word=coarse priorpolarity=negative
word=coax priorpolarity=positive
word=cocky priorpolarity=negative
word=coddle priorpolarity=positive
word=coerce priorpolarity=negative
word=coercion priorpolarity=negative
word=coercive priorpolarity=negative
word=cogent priorpolarity=positive
word=cohesive priorpolarity=positive
word=cogitate priorpolarity=neutral
word=cognizance priorpolarity=neutral
word=cognizance priorpolarity=neutral
word=cognizant priorpolarity=neutral
word=cohere priorpolarity=positive
word=coherence priorpolarity=positive
word=coherence priorpolarity=positive
word=coherent priorpolarity=positive
word=cohesion priorpolarity=positive
word=cohesive priorpolarity=positive
word=cold priorpolarity=negative
word=coldly priorpolarity=negative
word=collapse priorpolarity=negative
word=collapse priorpolarity=negative
word=collide priorpolarity=negative
word=collude priorpolarity=negative
word=collusion priorpolarity=negative
word=colorful priorpolarity=positive
word=colossal priorpolarity=positive
word=combative priorpolarity=negative
word=comeback priorpolarity=positive
word=comeback priorpolarity=positive
word=comedy priorpolarity=negative
word=comedy priorpolarity=negative
word=comely priorpolarity=positive
word=comfort priorpolarity=positive
word=comfortable priorpolarity=positive
word=comfortable priorpolarity=positive
word=comfortably priorpolarity=positive
word=comforting priorpolarity=positive
word=comical priorpolarity=negative
word=commend priorpolarity=positive
word=commendable priorpolarity=positive
word=commendably priorpolarity=positive
word=commensurate priorpolarity=positive
word=commonsense priorpolarity=positive
word=commonsensible priorpolarity=positive
word=commonsensibly priorpolarity=positive
word=commonsensical priorpolarity=positive
word=comment priorpolarity=neutral
word=comment priorpolarity=neutral
word=commentator priorpolarity=neutral
word=commentator priorpolarity=neutral
word=commodious priorpolarity=positive
word=commiserate priorpolarity=negative
word=commitment priorpolarity=positive
word=commitment priorpolarity=positive
word=commonplace priorpolarity=negative
word=commotion priorpolarity=negative
word=commotion priorpolarity=negative
word=compact priorpolarity=positive
word=compassion priorpolarity=positive
word=compassionate priorpolarity=positive
word=compatible priorpolarity=positive
word=compatible priorpolarity=positive
word=compel priorpolarity=negative
word=compelling priorpolarity=positive
word=compelling priorpolarity=positive
word=compensate priorpolarity=positive
word=competent priorpolarity=positive
word=competence priorpolarity=positive
word=competency priorpolarity=positive
word=competitive priorpolarity=positive
word=competitive priorpolarity=positive
word=competitiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=complacent priorpolarity=negative
word=complacent priorpolarity=negative
word=complain priorpolarity=negative
word=complaining priorpolarity=negative
word=complaining priorpolarity=negative
word=complaint priorpolarity=negative
word=complaints priorpolarity=negative
word=complaints priorpolarity=negative
word=complement priorpolarity=positive
word=complement priorpolarity=positive
word=complete priorpolarity=neutral
word=completely priorpolarity=neutral
word=complex priorpolarity=negative
word=compliant priorpolarity=positive
word=compliant priorpolarity=positive
word=complicate priorpolarity=negative
word=complicated priorpolarity=negative
word=complication priorpolarity=negative
word=complicit priorpolarity=negative
word=compliment priorpolarity=positive
word=complimentary priorpolarity=positive
word=comprehend priorpolarity=neutral
word=comprehensive priorpolarity=positive
word=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word=compromise priorpolarity=positive
word=compromises priorpolarity=positive
word=compromises priorpolarity=positive
word=compulsion priorpolarity=negative
word=compulsive priorpolarity=negative
word=compulsory priorpolarity=negative
word=comrades priorpolarity=positive
word=comrades priorpolarity=positive
word=concede priorpolarity=negative
word=conceit priorpolarity=negative
word=conceited priorpolarity=negative
word=conceivable priorpolarity=positive
word=conceivable priorpolarity=positive
word=concern priorpolarity=negative
word=concern priorpolarity=negative
word=concern priorpolarity=negative
word=concerned priorpolarity=negative
word=concerning priorpolarity=neutral
word=concerning priorpolarity=neutral
word=concerns priorpolarity=negative
word=concerns priorpolarity=negative
word=concerted priorpolarity=neutral
word=concession priorpolarity=negative
word=concession priorpolarity=negative
word=concessions priorpolarity=negative
word=concessions priorpolarity=negative
word=conciliate priorpolarity=positive
word=conciliatory priorpolarity=positive
word=conclusive priorpolarity=positive
word=concrete priorpolarity=positive
word=concur priorpolarity=positive
word=condescend priorpolarity=negative
word=condescending priorpolarity=negative
word=condescendingly priorpolarity=negative
word=condescension priorpolarity=negative
word=condemn priorpolarity=negative
word=condemn priorpolarity=negative
word=condemnable priorpolarity=negative
word=condemnation priorpolarity=negative
word=condolence priorpolarity=negative
word=condolences priorpolarity=negative
word=condolences priorpolarity=negative
word=condone priorpolarity=positive
word=conducive priorpolarity=positive
word=conducive priorpolarity=positive
word=confer priorpolarity=positive
word=confess priorpolarity=negative
word=confession priorpolarity=negative
word=confessions priorpolarity=negative
word=confessions priorpolarity=negative
word=confide priorpolarity=neutral
word=confidence priorpolarity=positive
word=confidence priorpolarity=positive
word=confident priorpolarity=positive
word=conflict priorpolarity=negative
word=conflict priorpolarity=negative
word=confound priorpolarity=negative
word=confound priorpolarity=negative
word=confounded priorpolarity=negative
word=confounding priorpolarity=negative
word=confront priorpolarity=negative
word=confrontation priorpolarity=negative
word=confrontation priorpolarity=negative
word=confrontational priorpolarity=negative
word=confuse priorpolarity=negative
word=confused priorpolarity=negative
word=confusing priorpolarity=negative
word=confusing priorpolarity=negative
word=confusion priorpolarity=negative
word=confusion priorpolarity=negative
word=confute priorpolarity=positive
word=congenial priorpolarity=positive
word=congested priorpolarity=negative
word=congestion priorpolarity=negative
word=congratulate priorpolarity=positive
word=congratulations priorpolarity=positive
word=congratulations priorpolarity=positive
word=congratulatory priorpolarity=positive
word=conjecture priorpolarity=neutral
word=conquer priorpolarity=positive
word=conscience priorpolarity=neutral
word=conscience priorpolarity=positive
word=conscientious priorpolarity=positive
word=consciousness priorpolarity=neutral
word=consciousness priorpolarity=neutral
word=consensus priorpolarity=positive
word=consent priorpolarity=positive
word=consequently priorpolarity=neutral
word=consider priorpolarity=neutral
word=considerable priorpolarity=neutral
word=considerably priorpolarity=neutral
word=considerate priorpolarity=positive
word=consideration priorpolarity=neutral
word=consideration priorpolarity=neutral
word=consistent priorpolarity=positive
word=console priorpolarity=positive
word=conspicuous priorpolarity=negative
word=conspicuous priorpolarity=negative
word=conspicuously priorpolarity=negative
word=conspiracies priorpolarity=negative
word=conspiracies priorpolarity=negative
word=conspiracy priorpolarity=negative
word=conspiracy priorpolarity=negative
word=conspirator priorpolarity=negative
word=conspirator priorpolarity=negative
word=conspiratorial priorpolarity=negative
word=conspire priorpolarity=negative
word=constancy priorpolarity=positive
word=consternation priorpolarity=negative
word=constitutions priorpolarity=neutral
word=constitutions priorpolarity=neutral
word=constrain priorpolarity=negative
word=constraint priorpolarity=negative
word=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word=constructive priorpolarity=positive
word=consume priorpolarity=negative
word=consummate priorpolarity=positive
word=contagious priorpolarity=negative
word=contaminate priorpolarity=negative
word=contamination priorpolarity=negative
word=contemplate priorpolarity=neutral
word=contempt priorpolarity=negative
word=contemptible priorpolarity=negative
word=contemptuous priorpolarity=negative
word=contemptuously priorpolarity=negative
word=contend priorpolarity=negative
word=content priorpolarity=positive
word=content priorpolarity=positive
word=contention priorpolarity=negative
word=contentment priorpolarity=positive
word=contentious priorpolarity=negative
word=contentious priorpolarity=negative
word=continuity priorpolarity=positive
word=continuous priorpolarity=neutral
word=contort priorpolarity=negative
word=contortions priorpolarity=negative
word=contortions priorpolarity=negative
word=contradict priorpolarity=negative
word=contradiction priorpolarity=negative
word=contradictory priorpolarity=negative
word=contrariness priorpolarity=negative
word=contrary priorpolarity=negative
word=contravene priorpolarity=negative
word=contribution priorpolarity=positive
word=contribution priorpolarity=positive
word=contrive priorpolarity=negative
word=contrived priorpolarity=negative
word=controversial priorpolarity=negative
word=controversial priorpolarity=negative
word=controversy priorpolarity=negative
word=controversy priorpolarity=negative
word=convenient priorpolarity=positive
word=convenient priorpolarity=positive
word=conveniently priorpolarity=positive
word=conviction priorpolarity=positive
word=conviction priorpolarity=positive
word=convince priorpolarity=positive
word=convincing priorpolarity=positive
word=convincing priorpolarity=positive
word=convincingly priorpolarity=positive
word=convoluted priorpolarity=negative
word=cooperate priorpolarity=positive
word=cooperation priorpolarity=positive
word=cooperation priorpolarity=positive
word=cooperative priorpolarity=positive
word=cooperatively priorpolarity=positive
word=coping priorpolarity=negative
word=coping priorpolarity=negative
word=cordial priorpolarity=positive
word=cornerstone priorpolarity=positive
word=cornerstone priorpolarity=positive
word=correct priorpolarity=positive
word=correct priorpolarity=positive
word=corrective priorpolarity=neutral
word=correctly priorpolarity=positive
word=corrode priorpolarity=negative
word=corrosion priorpolarity=negative
word=corrosive priorpolarity=negative
word=corrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=corrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=corruption priorpolarity=negative
word=cost-effective priorpolarity=positive
word=cost-saving priorpolarity=positive
word=costly priorpolarity=negative
word=could priorpolarity=neutral
word=counterproductive priorpolarity=negative
word=coupists priorpolarity=negative
word=coupists priorpolarity=negative
word=courage priorpolarity=positive
word=courage priorpolarity=positive
word=courageous priorpolarity=positive
word=courageously priorpolarity=positive
word=courageousness priorpolarity=positive
word=court priorpolarity=positive
word=courteous priorpolarity=positive
word=courtesy priorpolarity=positive
word=courtly priorpolarity=positive
word=covenant priorpolarity=positive
word=covert priorpolarity=neutral
word=covet priorpolarity=both
word=coveting priorpolarity=both
word=covetingly priorpolarity=both
word=covetous priorpolarity=negative
word=covetous priorpolarity=negative
word=covetously priorpolarity=both
word=cow priorpolarity=negative
word=coward priorpolarity=negative
word=cowardly priorpolarity=negative
word=cozy priorpolarity=positive
word=crackdown priorpolarity=negative
word=crackdown priorpolarity=negative
word=crafty priorpolarity=negative
word=cramped priorpolarity=negative
word=cranky priorpolarity=negative
word=crass priorpolarity=negative
word=crave priorpolarity=positive
word=craven priorpolarity=negative
word=cravenly priorpolarity=negative
word=craving priorpolarity=positive
word=craze priorpolarity=negative
word=crazily priorpolarity=negative
word=craziness priorpolarity=negative
word=crazy priorpolarity=negative
word=creative priorpolarity=positive
word=credence priorpolarity=positive
word=credence priorpolarity=positive
word=credible priorpolarity=positive
word=credulous priorpolarity=negative
word=crime priorpolarity=negative
word=criminal priorpolarity=negative
word=cringe priorpolarity=negative
word=cripple priorpolarity=negative
word=crippling priorpolarity=negative
word=crisis priorpolarity=negative
word=crisis priorpolarity=negative
word=crisp priorpolarity=positive
word=critic priorpolarity=negative
word=critical priorpolarity=negative
word=criticism priorpolarity=negative
word=criticism priorpolarity=negative
word=criticisms priorpolarity=negative
word=criticisms priorpolarity=negative
word=criticize priorpolarity=negative
word=critics priorpolarity=negative
word=critics priorpolarity=negative
word=crook priorpolarity=negative
word=crooked priorpolarity=negative
word=cross priorpolarity=negative
word=crowded priorpolarity=negative
word=crude priorpolarity=negative
word=cruel priorpolarity=negative
word=cruelties priorpolarity=negative
word=cruelty priorpolarity=negative
word=crumble priorpolarity=negative
word=crumple priorpolarity=negative
word=crusade priorpolarity=positive
word=crusade priorpolarity=positive
word=crusader priorpolarity=positive
word=crush priorpolarity=negative
word=crushing priorpolarity=negative
word=cry priorpolarity=negative
word=culpable priorpolarity=negative
word=cuplrit priorpolarity=negative
word=cumbersome priorpolarity=negative
word=cure-all priorpolarity=positive
word=cure-all priorpolarity=positive
word=curious priorpolarity=positive
word=curiously priorpolarity=positive
word=curse priorpolarity=negative
word=curse priorpolarity=negative
word=cursed priorpolarity=negative
word=cursed priorpolarity=negative
word=curses priorpolarity=negative
word=cursory priorpolarity=negative
word=curt priorpolarity=negative
word=cuss priorpolarity=negative
word=cut priorpolarity=negative
word=cute priorpolarity=positive
word=cutthroat priorpolarity=negative
word=cynical priorpolarity=negative
word=cynicism priorpolarity=negative
word=damage priorpolarity=negative
word=damage priorpolarity=negative
word=damaging priorpolarity=negative
word=damn priorpolarity=negative
word=damn priorpolarity=negative
word=damn priorpolarity=negative
word=damnable priorpolarity=negative
word=damnably priorpolarity=negative
word=damnation priorpolarity=negative
word=damned priorpolarity=negative
word=damning priorpolarity=negative
word=dance priorpolarity=positive
word=dance priorpolarity=positive
word=danger priorpolarity=negative
word=danger priorpolarity=negative
word=dangerous priorpolarity=negative
word=dangerousness priorpolarity=negative
word=dangerousness priorpolarity=negative
word=dangle priorpolarity=negative
word=dare priorpolarity=positive
word=daring priorpolarity=positive
word=daringly priorpolarity=positive
word=dark priorpolarity=negative
word=darken priorpolarity=negative
word=darkness priorpolarity=negative
word=darling priorpolarity=positive
word=darn priorpolarity=negative
word=dash priorpolarity=negative
word=dashing priorpolarity=positive
word=dastard priorpolarity=negative
word=dastardly priorpolarity=negative
word=daunt priorpolarity=negative
word=daunting priorpolarity=negative
word=dauntingly priorpolarity=negative
word=dauntless priorpolarity=positive
word=dawdle priorpolarity=negative
word=dawn priorpolarity=positive
word=daydream priorpolarity=positive
word=daydreamer priorpolarity=positive
word=daze priorpolarity=negative
word=dazed priorpolarity=negative
word=dazzle priorpolarity=positive
word=dazzled priorpolarity=positive
word=dazzling priorpolarity=positive
word=dead priorpolarity=negative
word=deadbeat priorpolarity=negative
word=deadlock priorpolarity=negative
word=deadlock priorpolarity=negative
word=deadly priorpolarity=negative
word=deadweight priorpolarity=negative
word=deaf priorpolarity=negative
word=deal priorpolarity=positive
word=dear priorpolarity=positive
word=dearth priorpolarity=negative
word=death priorpolarity=negative
word=debacle priorpolarity=negative
word=debase priorpolarity=negative
word=debasement priorpolarity=negative
word=debaser priorpolarity=negative
word=debatable priorpolarity=negative
word=debate priorpolarity=negative
word=debauch priorpolarity=negative
word=debaucher priorpolarity=negative
word=debauchery priorpolarity=negative
word=debilitate priorpolarity=negative
word=debilitating priorpolarity=negative
word=debility priorpolarity=negative
word=decadence priorpolarity=negative
word=decadent priorpolarity=negative
word=decay priorpolarity=negative
word=decay priorpolarity=negative
word=decayed priorpolarity=negative
word=deceit priorpolarity=negative
word=deceitful priorpolarity=negative
word=deceitfully priorpolarity=negative
word=deceitfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=deceiving priorpolarity=negative
word=deceive priorpolarity=negative
word=deceiver priorpolarity=negative
word=deceivers priorpolarity=negative
word=decent priorpolarity=positive
word=decency priorpolarity=positive
word=deception priorpolarity=negative
word=deception priorpolarity=negative
word=deceptive priorpolarity=negative
word=deceptive priorpolarity=negative
word=deceptively priorpolarity=negative
word=decide priorpolarity=neutral
word=decisive priorpolarity=positive
word=decisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=decisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=declaim priorpolarity=negative
word=decline priorpolarity=negative
word=decline priorpolarity=negative
word=declining priorpolarity=negative
word=decrease priorpolarity=negative
word=decrease priorpolarity=negative
word=decreasing priorpolarity=negative
word=decrement priorpolarity=negative
word=decrepit priorpolarity=negative
word=decrepitude priorpolarity=negative
word=decry priorpolarity=negative
word=dedicated priorpolarity=positive
word=deduce priorpolarity=neutral
word=deep priorpolarity=neutral
word=deep priorpolarity=negative
word=deeply priorpolarity=neutral
word=deepening priorpolarity=negative
word=deepening priorpolarity=negative
word=defamation priorpolarity=negative
word=defamations priorpolarity=negative
word=defamatory priorpolarity=negative
word=defame priorpolarity=negative
word=defeat priorpolarity=negative
word=defeat priorpolarity=negative
word=defect priorpolarity=negative
word=defective priorpolarity=negative
word=defend priorpolarity=positive
word=defender priorpolarity=positive
word=defender priorpolarity=positive
word=defensive priorpolarity=negative
word=deference priorpolarity=positive
word=defense priorpolarity=positive
word=defiance priorpolarity=negative
word=defiance priorpolarity=negative
word=defiant priorpolarity=negative
word=defiantly priorpolarity=negative
word=deficiency priorpolarity=negative
word=deficient priorpolarity=negative
word=defile priorpolarity=negative
word=defiler priorpolarity=negative
word=definite priorpolarity=positive
word=definitely priorpolarity=positive
word=definitive priorpolarity=positive
word=definitive priorpolarity=positive
word=definitively priorpolarity=positive
word=deflationary priorpolarity=positive
word=deform priorpolarity=negative
word=deformed priorpolarity=negative
word=defrauding priorpolarity=negative
word=defrauding priorpolarity=negative
word=deft priorpolarity=positive
word=defunct priorpolarity=negative
word=defy priorpolarity=negative
word=degenerate priorpolarity=negative
word=degenerate priorpolarity=negative
word=degenerately priorpolarity=negative
word=degeneration priorpolarity=negative
word=degradation priorpolarity=negative
word=degrade priorpolarity=negative
word=degrading priorpolarity=negative
word=degradingly priorpolarity=negative
word=dehumanization priorpolarity=negative
word=dehumanize priorpolarity=negative
word=deign priorpolarity=negative
word=deject priorpolarity=negative
word=dejected priorpolarity=negative
word=dejectedly priorpolarity=negative
word=dejection priorpolarity=negative
word=delectable priorpolarity=positive
word=delicacy priorpolarity=positive
word=delicate priorpolarity=positive
word=delicious priorpolarity=positive
word=delight priorpolarity=positive
word=delight priorpolarity=positive
word=delighted priorpolarity=positive
word=delightful priorpolarity=positive
word=delightful priorpolarity=positive
word=delightfully priorpolarity=positive
word=delightfulness priorpolarity=positive
word=delinquency priorpolarity=negative
word=delinquent priorpolarity=negative
word=delirious priorpolarity=negative
word=delirium priorpolarity=negative
word=delude priorpolarity=negative
word=deluded priorpolarity=negative
word=deluge priorpolarity=negative
word=delusion priorpolarity=negative
word=delusion priorpolarity=negative
word=delusional priorpolarity=negative
word=delusional priorpolarity=negative
word=delusions priorpolarity=negative
word=delusions priorpolarity=negative
word=demand priorpolarity=both
word=demand priorpolarity=both
word=demand priorpolarity=both
word=demands priorpolarity=both
word=demands priorpolarity=both
word=demean priorpolarity=negative
word=demeaning priorpolarity=negative
word=demise priorpolarity=negative
word=democratic priorpolarity=positive
word=demolish priorpolarity=negative
word=demolisher priorpolarity=negative
word=demon priorpolarity=negative
word=demonic priorpolarity=negative
word=demonize priorpolarity=negative
word=demonize priorpolarity=negative
word=demoralize priorpolarity=negative
word=demoralizing priorpolarity=negative
word=demoralizingly priorpolarity=negative
word=demystify priorpolarity=positive
word=denial priorpolarity=negative
word=denigrate priorpolarity=negative
word=deny priorpolarity=negative
word=denounce priorpolarity=negative
word=denunciate priorpolarity=negative
word=denunciation priorpolarity=negative
word=denunciations priorpolarity=negative
word=dependable priorpolarity=positive
word=dependent priorpolarity=neutral
word=dependent priorpolarity=neutral
word=deplete priorpolarity=negative
word=deplorable priorpolarity=negative
word=deplorable priorpolarity=negative
word=deplorably priorpolarity=negative
word=deplore priorpolarity=negative
word=deploring priorpolarity=negative
word=deploringly priorpolarity=negative
word=deprave priorpolarity=negative
word=depraved priorpolarity=negative
word=depravedly priorpolarity=negative
word=deprecate priorpolarity=negative
word=depress priorpolarity=negative
word=depressed priorpolarity=negative
word=depressing priorpolarity=negative
word=depressing priorpolarity=negative
word=depressingly priorpolarity=negative
word=depression priorpolarity=negative
word=depression priorpolarity=negative
word=deprive priorpolarity=negative
word=deprived priorpolarity=negative
word=deride priorpolarity=negative
word=derision priorpolarity=negative
word=derisive priorpolarity=negative
word=derisively priorpolarity=negative
word=derisiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=derogatory priorpolarity=negative
word=desecrate priorpolarity=negative
word=deserve priorpolarity=positive
word=deserved priorpolarity=positive
word=deservedly priorpolarity=positive
word=deserving priorpolarity=positive
word=desert priorpolarity=negative
word=desertion priorpolarity=negative
word=desiccate priorpolarity=negative
word=desiccated priorpolarity=negative
word=desirable priorpolarity=positive
word=desire priorpolarity=positive
word=desire priorpolarity=positive
word=desire priorpolarity=positive
word=desirous priorpolarity=positive
word=desolate priorpolarity=negative
word=desolately priorpolarity=negative
word=desolation priorpolarity=negative
word=despair priorpolarity=negative
word=despair priorpolarity=negative
word=despairing priorpolarity=negative
word=despairingly priorpolarity=negative
word=desperate priorpolarity=negative
word=desperately priorpolarity=negative
word=desperation priorpolarity=negative
word=despicable priorpolarity=negative
word=despicably priorpolarity=negative
word=despise priorpolarity=negative
word=despised priorpolarity=negative
word=despised priorpolarity=negative
word=despite priorpolarity=negative
word=despoil priorpolarity=negative
word=despoiler priorpolarity=negative
word=despondence priorpolarity=negative
word=despondency priorpolarity=negative
word=despondent priorpolarity=negative
word=despondently priorpolarity=negative
word=despot priorpolarity=negative
word=despotic priorpolarity=negative
word=despotism priorpolarity=negative
word=despotism priorpolarity=negative
word=destabilisation priorpolarity=negative
word=destabilisation priorpolarity=negative
word=destine priorpolarity=positive
word=destined priorpolarity=positive
word=destinies priorpolarity=positive
word=destinies priorpolarity=positive
word=destiny priorpolarity=positive
word=destiny priorpolarity=neutral
word=destiny priorpolarity=neutral
word=destitute priorpolarity=negative
word=destitution priorpolarity=negative
word=destroy priorpolarity=negative
word=destroyer priorpolarity=negative
word=destroyer priorpolarity=negative
word=destruction priorpolarity=negative
word=destructive priorpolarity=negative
word=desultory priorpolarity=negative
word=deter priorpolarity=negative
word=deteriorate priorpolarity=negative
word=deteriorating priorpolarity=negative
word=deteriorating priorpolarity=negative
word=deterioration priorpolarity=negative
word=determination priorpolarity=positive
word=determination priorpolarity=positive
word=deterrent priorpolarity=negative
word=detest priorpolarity=negative
word=detestable priorpolarity=negative
word=detestably priorpolarity=negative
word=detract priorpolarity=negative
word=detraction priorpolarity=negative
word=detriment priorpolarity=negative
word=detrimental priorpolarity=negative
word=devastate priorpolarity=negative
word=devastated priorpolarity=negative
word=devastating priorpolarity=negative
word=devastatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=devastation priorpolarity=negative
word=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word=deviate priorpolarity=negative
word=deviation priorpolarity=negative
word=devil priorpolarity=negative
word=devilish priorpolarity=negative
word=devilishly priorpolarity=negative
word=devilment priorpolarity=negative
word=devilry priorpolarity=negative
word=devious priorpolarity=negative
word=deviously priorpolarity=negative
word=deviousness priorpolarity=negative
word=devoid priorpolarity=negative
word=devote priorpolarity=positive
word=devoted priorpolarity=positive
word=devotee priorpolarity=positive
word=devotion priorpolarity=positive
word=devout priorpolarity=positive
word=dexterity priorpolarity=positive
word=dexterous priorpolarity=positive
word=dexterously priorpolarity=positive
word=dextrous priorpolarity=positive
word=diabolic priorpolarity=negative
word=diabolical priorpolarity=negative
word=diabolically priorpolarity=negative
word=diametrically priorpolarity=negative
word=diatribe priorpolarity=negative
word=diatribes priorpolarity=negative
word=dictator priorpolarity=negative
word=dictatorial priorpolarity=negative
word=differ priorpolarity=negative
word=difference priorpolarity=neutral
word=difference priorpolarity=neutral
word=difficult priorpolarity=negative
word=difficulties priorpolarity=negative
word=difficulties priorpolarity=negative
word=difficulty priorpolarity=negative
word=difficulty priorpolarity=negative
word=diffidence priorpolarity=negative
word=diffidence priorpolarity=negative
word=dig priorpolarity=negative
word=dig priorpolarity=positive
word=dignified priorpolarity=positive
word=dignify priorpolarity=positive
word=dignity priorpolarity=positive
word=digress priorpolarity=negative
word=dilapidated priorpolarity=negative
word=dilemma priorpolarity=negative
word=dilemma priorpolarity=negative
word=diligence priorpolarity=positive
word=diligent priorpolarity=positive
word=diligently priorpolarity=positive
word=dilly-dally priorpolarity=negative
word=dim priorpolarity=negative
word=dim priorpolarity=negative
word=diminish priorpolarity=negative
word=diminishing priorpolarity=negative
word=din priorpolarity=negative
word=dinky priorpolarity=negative
word=diplomacy priorpolarity=neutral
word=diplomacy priorpolarity=neutral
word=diplomatic priorpolarity=positive
word=diplomatic priorpolarity=positive
word=dire priorpolarity=negative
word=direct priorpolarity=neutral
word=direly priorpolarity=negative
word=direness priorpolarity=negative
word=dirt priorpolarity=negative
word=dirty priorpolarity=negative
word=dirty priorpolarity=negative
word=disable priorpolarity=negative
word=disabled priorpolarity=negative
word=disaccord priorpolarity=negative
word=disadvantage priorpolarity=negative
word=disadvantaged priorpolarity=negative
word=disadvantageous priorpolarity=negative
word=disadvantageous priorpolarity=negative
word=disaffect priorpolarity=negative
word=disaffected priorpolarity=negative
word=disaffirm priorpolarity=negative
word=disagree priorpolarity=negative
word=disagreeable priorpolarity=negative
word=disagreeably priorpolarity=negative
word=disagreement priorpolarity=negative
word=disagreement priorpolarity=negative
word=disallow priorpolarity=negative
word=disappoint priorpolarity=negative
word=disappointed priorpolarity=negative
word=disappointing priorpolarity=negative
word=disappointingly priorpolarity=negative
word=disappointment priorpolarity=negative
word=disappointment priorpolarity=negative
word=disapprobation priorpolarity=negative
word=disapproval priorpolarity=negative
word=disapproval priorpolarity=negative
word=disapprove priorpolarity=negative
word=disapproving priorpolarity=negative
word=disarm priorpolarity=negative
word=disarray priorpolarity=negative
word=disarray priorpolarity=negative
word=disaster priorpolarity=negative
word=disastrous priorpolarity=negative
word=disastrously priorpolarity=negative
word=disavow priorpolarity=negative
word=disavowal priorpolarity=negative
word=disbelief priorpolarity=negative
word=disbelieve priorpolarity=negative
word=disbeliever priorpolarity=negative
word=discern priorpolarity=neutral
word=discerning priorpolarity=positive
word=disclaim priorpolarity=negative
word=discombobulate priorpolarity=negative
word=discomfit priorpolarity=negative
word=discomfititure priorpolarity=negative
word=discomfort priorpolarity=negative
word=discompose priorpolarity=negative
word=disconcert priorpolarity=negative
word=disconcerted priorpolarity=negative
word=disconcerting priorpolarity=negative
word=disconcertingly priorpolarity=negative
word=disconsolate priorpolarity=negative
word=disconsolately priorpolarity=negative
word=disconsolation priorpolarity=negative
word=discontent priorpolarity=negative
word=discontent priorpolarity=negative
word=discontented priorpolarity=negative
word=discontentedly priorpolarity=negative
word=discontinuity priorpolarity=negative
word=discontinuity priorpolarity=negative
word=discord priorpolarity=negative
word=discordance priorpolarity=negative
word=discordant priorpolarity=negative
word=discountenance priorpolarity=negative
word=discourage priorpolarity=negative
word=discouragement priorpolarity=negative
word=discouraging priorpolarity=negative
word=discouragingly priorpolarity=negative
word=discourteous priorpolarity=negative
word=discourteously priorpolarity=negative
word=discredit priorpolarity=negative
word=discreet priorpolarity=positive
word=discreet priorpolarity=positive
word=discrepant priorpolarity=negative
word=discretion priorpolarity=positive
word=discriminate priorpolarity=negative
word=discriminating priorpolarity=positive
word=discriminatingly priorpolarity=positive
word=discrimination priorpolarity=negative
word=discrimination priorpolarity=negative
word=discriminatory priorpolarity=negative
word=disdain priorpolarity=negative
word=disdain priorpolarity=negative
word=disdainful priorpolarity=negative
word=disdainfully priorpolarity=negative
word=disease priorpolarity=negative
word=diseased priorpolarity=negative
word=disfavor priorpolarity=negative
word=disgrace priorpolarity=negative
word=disgrace priorpolarity=negative
word=disgraced priorpolarity=negative
word=disgraceful priorpolarity=negative
word=disgracefully priorpolarity=negative
word=disgruntle priorpolarity=negative
word=disgruntled priorpolarity=negative
word=disgust priorpolarity=negative
word=disgust priorpolarity=negative
word=disgusted priorpolarity=negative
word=disgustedly priorpolarity=negative
word=disgustful priorpolarity=negative
word=disgustfully priorpolarity=negative
word=disgusting priorpolarity=negative
word=disgustingly priorpolarity=negative
word=dishearten priorpolarity=negative
word=disheartening priorpolarity=negative
word=dishearteningly priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonest priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonest priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonestly priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonesty priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonor priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonor priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonorable priorpolarity=negative
word=dishonorablely priorpolarity=negative
word=disillusion priorpolarity=negative
word=disillusion priorpolarity=negative
word=disillusioned priorpolarity=negative
word=disinclination priorpolarity=negative
word=disinclined priorpolarity=negative
word=disingenuous priorpolarity=negative
word=disingenuously priorpolarity=negative
word=disintegrate priorpolarity=negative
word=disinterested priorpolarity=negative
word=disintegration priorpolarity=negative
word=disinterest priorpolarity=negative
word=disinterested priorpolarity=negative
word=dislike priorpolarity=negative
word=dislocated priorpolarity=negative
word=disloyal priorpolarity=negative
word=disloyal priorpolarity=negative
word=disloyalty priorpolarity=negative
word=dismal priorpolarity=negative
word=dismally priorpolarity=negative
word=dismalness priorpolarity=negative
word=dismay priorpolarity=negative
word=dismay priorpolarity=negative
word=dismayed priorpolarity=negative
word=dismaying priorpolarity=negative
word=dismayingly priorpolarity=negative
word=dismissive priorpolarity=negative
word=dismissive priorpolarity=negative
word=dismissively priorpolarity=negative
word=disobedience priorpolarity=negative
word=disobedient priorpolarity=negative
word=disobey priorpolarity=negative
word=disown priorpolarity=negative
word=disorder priorpolarity=negative
word=disorder priorpolarity=negative
word=disordered priorpolarity=negative
word=disorderly priorpolarity=negative
word=disorganized priorpolarity=negative
word=disorient priorpolarity=negative
word=disoriented priorpolarity=negative
word=disown priorpolarity=negative
word=disparage priorpolarity=negative
word=disparaging priorpolarity=negative
word=disparagingly priorpolarity=negative
word=dispensable priorpolarity=negative
word=dispirit priorpolarity=negative
word=dispirited priorpolarity=negative
word=dispiritedly priorpolarity=negative
word=dispiriting priorpolarity=negative
word=displace priorpolarity=negative
word=displaced priorpolarity=negative
word=displease priorpolarity=negative
word=displeasing priorpolarity=negative
word=displeasure priorpolarity=negative
word=displeasure priorpolarity=negative
word=disposition priorpolarity=neutral
word=disproportionate priorpolarity=negative
word=disprove priorpolarity=negative
word=disputable priorpolarity=negative
word=dispute priorpolarity=negative
word=dispute priorpolarity=negative
word=disputed priorpolarity=negative
word=disquiet priorpolarity=negative
word=disquieting priorpolarity=negative
word=disquietingly priorpolarity=negative
word=disquietude priorpolarity=negative
word=disregard priorpolarity=negative
word=disregard priorpolarity=negative
word=disregardful priorpolarity=negative
word=disreputable priorpolarity=negative
word=disrepute priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespect priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespectable priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespectablity priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespectful priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespectfully priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespectfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespecting priorpolarity=negative
word=disrespecting priorpolarity=negative
word=disrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=disruption priorpolarity=negative
word=disruption priorpolarity=negative
word=disruptive priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfaction priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfaction priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfactory priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfied priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfy priorpolarity=negative
word=dissatisfying priorpolarity=negative
word=dissemble priorpolarity=negative
word=dissembler priorpolarity=negative
word=dissension priorpolarity=negative
word=dissent priorpolarity=negative
word=dissent priorpolarity=negative
word=dissenter priorpolarity=negative
word=dissention priorpolarity=negative
word=disservice priorpolarity=negative
word=disservice priorpolarity=negative
word=dissidence priorpolarity=negative
word=dissident priorpolarity=negative
word=dissident priorpolarity=negative
word=dissidents priorpolarity=negative
word=dissidents priorpolarity=negative
word=dissocial priorpolarity=negative
word=dissolute priorpolarity=negative
word=dissolution priorpolarity=negative
word=dissonance priorpolarity=negative
word=dissonant priorpolarity=negative
word=dissonantly priorpolarity=negative
word=dissuade priorpolarity=negative
word=dissuasive priorpolarity=negative
word=distaste priorpolarity=negative
word=distasteful priorpolarity=negative
word=distastefully priorpolarity=negative
word=distinct priorpolarity=positive
word=distinction priorpolarity=positive
word=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word=distinctive priorpolarity=positive
word=distinctly priorpolarity=neutral
word=distinguish priorpolarity=positive
word=distinguished priorpolarity=positive
word=distort priorpolarity=negative
word=distortion priorpolarity=negative
word=distortion priorpolarity=negative
word=distract priorpolarity=negative
word=distracting priorpolarity=negative
word=distraction priorpolarity=negative
word=distraction priorpolarity=negative
word=distraught priorpolarity=negative
word=distraughtly priorpolarity=negative
word=distraughtness priorpolarity=negative
word=distress priorpolarity=negative
word=distressed priorpolarity=negative
word=distressing priorpolarity=negative
word=distressingly priorpolarity=negative
word=distrust priorpolarity=negative
word=distrustful priorpolarity=negative
word=distrusting priorpolarity=negative
word=disturb priorpolarity=negative
word=disturbed priorpolarity=negative
word=disturbed-let priorpolarity=negative
word=disturbed-let priorpolarity=negative
word=disturbing priorpolarity=negative
word=disturbingly priorpolarity=negative
word=disunity priorpolarity=negative
word=disvalue priorpolarity=negative
word=divergent priorpolarity=negative
word=diversified priorpolarity=positive
word=divide priorpolarity=negative
word=divided priorpolarity=negative
word=divine priorpolarity=positive
word=divine priorpolarity=positive
word=divinely priorpolarity=positive
word=division priorpolarity=negative
word=divisive priorpolarity=negative
word=divisively priorpolarity=negative
word=divisiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=divorce priorpolarity=negative
word=divorce priorpolarity=negative
word=divorced priorpolarity=negative
word=dizzy priorpolarity=negative
word=dizzing priorpolarity=negative
word=dizzingly priorpolarity=negative
word=doddering priorpolarity=negative
word=dodge priorpolarity=positive
word=dodge priorpolarity=positive
word=dodgey priorpolarity=negative
word=dogged priorpolarity=negative
word=doggedly priorpolarity=negative
word=dogmatic priorpolarity=negative
word=doldrums priorpolarity=negative
word=dominance priorpolarity=negative
word=dominance priorpolarity=negative
word=dominant priorpolarity=neutral
word=dominant priorpolarity=neutral
word=dominate priorpolarity=negative
word=domination priorpolarity=negative
word=domination priorpolarity=negative
word=domineer priorpolarity=negative
word=domineering priorpolarity=negative
word=domineering priorpolarity=negative
word=doom priorpolarity=negative
word=doomsday priorpolarity=negative
word=doomsday priorpolarity=negative
word=dope priorpolarity=negative
word=dote priorpolarity=positive
word=dotingly priorpolarity=positive
word=doubt priorpolarity=negative
word=doubt priorpolarity=negative
word=doubtful priorpolarity=negative
word=doubtfully priorpolarity=negative
word=doubtless priorpolarity=positive
word=doubts priorpolarity=negative
word=doubts priorpolarity=negative
word=down priorpolarity=negative
word=downbeat priorpolarity=negative
word=downcast priorpolarity=negative
word=downer priorpolarity=negative
word=downfall priorpolarity=negative
word=downfallen priorpolarity=negative
word=downgrade priorpolarity=negative
word=downhearted priorpolarity=negative
word=downheartedly priorpolarity=negative
word=downright priorpolarity=neutral
word=downside priorpolarity=negative
word=drab priorpolarity=negative
word=draconian priorpolarity=negative
word=draconic priorpolarity=negative
word=dragon priorpolarity=negative
word=dragons priorpolarity=negative
word=dragons priorpolarity=negative
word=dragoon priorpolarity=negative
word=drain priorpolarity=negative
word=drain priorpolarity=negative
word=drama priorpolarity=negative
word=drama priorpolarity=negative
word=dramatic priorpolarity=neutral
word=dramatically priorpolarity=neutral
word=drastic priorpolarity=negative
word=drastically priorpolarity=negative
word=dread priorpolarity=negative
word=dread priorpolarity=negative
word=dreadful priorpolarity=negative
word=dreadfully priorpolarity=negative
word=dreadfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=dream priorpolarity=positive
word=dream priorpolarity=positive
word=dream priorpolarity=positive
word=dreamland priorpolarity=positive
word=dreams priorpolarity=positive
word=dreams priorpolarity=positive
word=dreamy priorpolarity=positive
word=dreary priorpolarity=negative
word=drive priorpolarity=positive
word=driven priorpolarity=positive
word=drones priorpolarity=negative
word=drones priorpolarity=negative
word=droop priorpolarity=negative
word=drought priorpolarity=negative
word=drought priorpolarity=negative
word=drowning priorpolarity=negative
word=drunk priorpolarity=negative
word=drunkard priorpolarity=negative
word=drunken priorpolarity=negative
word=dubious priorpolarity=negative
word=dubiously priorpolarity=negative
word=dubitable priorpolarity=negative
word=dud priorpolarity=negative
word=dull priorpolarity=negative
word=dullard priorpolarity=negative
word=dumb priorpolarity=negative
word=dumb priorpolarity=negative
word=dumbfound priorpolarity=negative
word=dumbfounded priorpolarity=negative
word=dummy priorpolarity=negative
word=dump priorpolarity=negative
word=dunce priorpolarity=negative
word=dungeon priorpolarity=negative
word=dungeons priorpolarity=negative
word=dungeons priorpolarity=negative
word=dupe priorpolarity=negative
word=durable priorpolarity=positive
word=durability priorpolarity=positive
word=dusty priorpolarity=negative
word=duty priorpolarity=neutral
word=dwindle priorpolarity=negative
word=dwindling priorpolarity=negative
word=dynamic priorpolarity=positive
word=dying priorpolarity=negative
word=eager priorpolarity=positive
word=eagerly priorpolarity=positive
word=eagerness priorpolarity=positive
word=earnest priorpolarity=positive
word=earnestly priorpolarity=positive
word=earnestness priorpolarity=positive
word=earsplitting priorpolarity=negative
word=ease priorpolarity=positive
word=ease priorpolarity=positive
word=easier priorpolarity=positive
word=easiest priorpolarity=positive
word=easily priorpolarity=positive
word=easiness priorpolarity=positive
word=easy priorpolarity=positive
word=easygoing priorpolarity=positive
word=ebullience priorpolarity=positive
word=ebullient priorpolarity=positive
word=ebulliently priorpolarity=positive
word=eccentric priorpolarity=negative
word=eccentricity priorpolarity=negative
word=eclectic priorpolarity=positive
word=economical priorpolarity=positive
word=ecstasies priorpolarity=positive
word=ecstasy priorpolarity=positive
word=ecstatic priorpolarity=positive
word=ecstatically priorpolarity=positive
word=edgy priorpolarity=negative
word=edify priorpolarity=positive
word=educable priorpolarity=positive
word=educated priorpolarity=positive
word=educational priorpolarity=positive
word=effective priorpolarity=positive
word=effectively priorpolarity=neutral
word=effectiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=effectual priorpolarity=positive
word=efficacious priorpolarity=positive
word=efficiency priorpolarity=positive
word=efficient priorpolarity=positive
word=effigy priorpolarity=negative
word=effortless priorpolarity=positive
word=effortlessly priorpolarity=positive
word=effrontery priorpolarity=negative
word=effusion priorpolarity=positive
word=effusive priorpolarity=positive
word=effusively priorpolarity=positive
word=effusiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=egalitarian priorpolarity=positive
word=ego priorpolarity=negative
word=ego priorpolarity=negative
word=egocentric priorpolarity=negative
word=egomania priorpolarity=negative
word=egotism priorpolarity=negative
word=egotistical priorpolarity=negative
word=egotistically priorpolarity=negative
word=egregious priorpolarity=negative
word=egregiously priorpolarity=negative
word=ejaculate priorpolarity=negative
word=elaborate priorpolarity=neutral
word=elan priorpolarity=positive
word=elate priorpolarity=positive
word=elated priorpolarity=positive
word=elatedly priorpolarity=positive
word=elation priorpolarity=positive
word=election-rigger priorpolarity=negative
word=election-rigger priorpolarity=negative
word=electrification priorpolarity=positive
word=electrification priorpolarity=positive
word=electrify priorpolarity=positive
word=elegance priorpolarity=positive
word=elegant priorpolarity=positive
word=elegantly priorpolarity=positive
word=elevate priorpolarity=positive
word=elevated priorpolarity=positive
word=eligible priorpolarity=positive
word=eliminate priorpolarity=negative
word=elimination priorpolarity=negative
word=elite priorpolarity=positive
word=eloquence priorpolarity=positive
word=eloquent priorpolarity=positive
word=eloquently priorpolarity=positive
word=else priorpolarity=neutral
word=emaciated priorpolarity=negative
word=emancipate priorpolarity=positive
word=emasculate priorpolarity=negative
word=embarrass priorpolarity=negative
word=embarrassing priorpolarity=negative
word=embarrassingly priorpolarity=negative
word=embarrassment priorpolarity=negative
word=embattled priorpolarity=negative
word=embellish priorpolarity=positive
word=embodiment priorpolarity=neutral
word=embolden priorpolarity=positive
word=embrace priorpolarity=positive
word=embroil priorpolarity=negative
word=embroiled priorpolarity=negative
word=embroilment priorpolarity=negative
word=eminence priorpolarity=positive
word=eminent priorpolarity=positive
word=emotion priorpolarity=neutral
word=emotion priorpolarity=neutral
word=emotional priorpolarity=negative
word=emotions priorpolarity=neutral
word=emotions priorpolarity=neutral
word=empathize priorpolarity=negative
word=empathy priorpolarity=negative
word=emphasise priorpolarity=neutral
word=emphasise priorpolarity=neutral
word=emphatic priorpolarity=negative
word=emphatically priorpolarity=negative
word=empower priorpolarity=positive
word=empowerment priorpolarity=positive
word=emptiness priorpolarity=negative
word=emptiness priorpolarity=negative
word=empty priorpolarity=negative
word=enable priorpolarity=positive
word=enchant priorpolarity=positive
word=enchanted priorpolarity=positive
word=enchanting priorpolarity=positive
word=enchantingly priorpolarity=positive
word=encourage priorpolarity=positive
word=encouragement priorpolarity=positive
word=encouragement priorpolarity=positive
word=encouraging priorpolarity=positive
word=encouraging priorpolarity=positive
word=encouragingly priorpolarity=positive
word=encroach priorpolarity=negative
word=encroachment priorpolarity=negative
word=endanger priorpolarity=negative
word=endear priorpolarity=positive
word=endearing priorpolarity=positive
word=endless priorpolarity=negative
word=endorse priorpolarity=positive
word=endorsement priorpolarity=positive
word=endorsement priorpolarity=positive
word=endorser priorpolarity=positive
word=endurable priorpolarity=positive
word=endure priorpolarity=positive
word=enduring priorpolarity=positive
word=enemies priorpolarity=negative
word=enemies priorpolarity=negative
word=enemy priorpolarity=negative
word=energetic priorpolarity=positive
word=energetic priorpolarity=positive
word=energize priorpolarity=positive
word=enervate priorpolarity=negative
word=enfeeble priorpolarity=negative
word=enflame priorpolarity=negative
word=engage priorpolarity=neutral
word=engaging priorpolarity=positive
word=engross priorpolarity=neutral
word=engrossing priorpolarity=positive
word=engulf priorpolarity=negative
word=enhance priorpolarity=positive
word=enhanced priorpolarity=positive
word=enhancement priorpolarity=positive
word=enjoin priorpolarity=negative
word=enjoy priorpolarity=positive
word=enjoyable priorpolarity=positive
word=enjoyably priorpolarity=positive
word=enjoyment priorpolarity=positive
word=enlighten priorpolarity=positive
word=enlightenment priorpolarity=positive
word=enliven priorpolarity=positive
word=enmity priorpolarity=negative
word=ennoble priorpolarity=positive
word=enormities priorpolarity=negative
word=enormity priorpolarity=negative
word=enormous priorpolarity=negative
word=enormously priorpolarity=negative
word=enough priorpolarity=neutral
word=enrage priorpolarity=negative
word=enraged priorpolarity=negative
word=enrapt priorpolarity=positive
word=enrapture priorpolarity=positive
word=enraptured priorpolarity=positive
word=enrich priorpolarity=positive
word=enrichment priorpolarity=positive
word=enslave priorpolarity=negative
word=ensure priorpolarity=positive
word=entangle priorpolarity=negative
word=entanglement priorpolarity=negative
word=enterprising priorpolarity=positive
word=entertain priorpolarity=positive
word=entertaining priorpolarity=positive
word=enthral priorpolarity=positive
word=enthrall priorpolarity=positive
word=enthralled priorpolarity=positive
word=enthuse priorpolarity=positive
word=enthusiasm priorpolarity=positive
word=enthusiast priorpolarity=positive
word=enthusiastic priorpolarity=positive
word=enthusiastically priorpolarity=positive
word=entice priorpolarity=positive
word=enticing priorpolarity=positive
word=enticingly priorpolarity=positive
word=entire priorpolarity=neutral
word=entirely priorpolarity=neutral
word=entrance priorpolarity=positive
word=entranced priorpolarity=positive
word=entrancing priorpolarity=positive
word=entrap priorpolarity=negative
word=entrapment priorpolarity=negative
word=entreat priorpolarity=positive
word=entreatingly priorpolarity=positive
word=entrenchment priorpolarity=neutral
word=entrenchment priorpolarity=neutral
word=entrust priorpolarity=positive
word=enviable priorpolarity=positive
word=enviably priorpolarity=positive
word=envious priorpolarity=negative
word=enviously priorpolarity=negative
word=enviousness priorpolarity=negative
word=envision priorpolarity=positive
word=envisions priorpolarity=positive
word=envisions priorpolarity=positive
word=envy priorpolarity=negative
word=envy priorpolarity=negative
word=epic priorpolarity=positive
word=epidemic priorpolarity=negative
word=epitome priorpolarity=positive
word=equality priorpolarity=positive
word=equality priorpolarity=positive
word=equitable priorpolarity=positive
word=equivocal priorpolarity=negative
word=eradicate priorpolarity=negative
word=erase priorpolarity=negative
word=erode priorpolarity=negative
word=erosion priorpolarity=negative
word=err priorpolarity=negative
word=errant priorpolarity=negative
word=erratic priorpolarity=negative
word=erratically priorpolarity=negative
word=erroneous priorpolarity=negative
word=erroneous priorpolarity=negative
word=erroneously priorpolarity=negative
word=error priorpolarity=negative
word=error priorpolarity=negative
word=erudite priorpolarity=positive
word=escapade priorpolarity=negative
word=eschew priorpolarity=negative
word=esoteric priorpolarity=negative
word=essential priorpolarity=positive
word=especially priorpolarity=positive
word=esteem priorpolarity=positive
word=esteem priorpolarity=positive
word=estranged priorpolarity=negative
word=established priorpolarity=positive
word=eternal priorpolarity=negative
word=eternity priorpolarity=positive
word=eternity priorpolarity=positive
word=ethical priorpolarity=positive
word=eulogize priorpolarity=positive
word=euphoria priorpolarity=positive
word=euphoric priorpolarity=positive
word=euphorically priorpolarity=positive
word=evaluate priorpolarity=neutral
word=evaluation priorpolarity=neutral
word=evaluation priorpolarity=neutral
word=evade priorpolarity=negative
word=evasion priorpolarity=negative
word=evasive priorpolarity=negative
word=even priorpolarity=positive
word=evenly priorpolarity=positive
word=eventful priorpolarity=positive
word=everlasting priorpolarity=positive
word=evident priorpolarity=positive
word=evidently priorpolarity=positive
word=evil priorpolarity=negative
word=evil priorpolarity=negative
word=evildoer priorpolarity=negative
word=evils priorpolarity=negative
word=evils priorpolarity=negative
word=eviscerate priorpolarity=negative
word=evocative priorpolarity=positive
word=exacerbate priorpolarity=negative
word=exact priorpolarity=neutral
word=exacting priorpolarity=negative
word=exactly priorpolarity=neutral
word=exaggerate priorpolarity=negative
word=exaggeration priorpolarity=negative
word=exaggeration priorpolarity=negative
word=exalt priorpolarity=positive
word=exalt priorpolarity=positive
word=exaltation priorpolarity=positive
word=exalted priorpolarity=positive
word=exaltedly priorpolarity=positive
word=exalting priorpolarity=positive
word=exaltingly priorpolarity=positive
word=exasperate priorpolarity=negative
word=exasperation priorpolarity=negative
word=exasperating priorpolarity=negative
word=exasperatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=exceed priorpolarity=positive
word=exceeding priorpolarity=positive
word=exceedingly priorpolarity=positive
word=excel priorpolarity=positive
word=excellence priorpolarity=positive
word=excellency priorpolarity=positive
word=excellent priorpolarity=positive
word=excellently priorpolarity=positive
word=exceptional priorpolarity=positive
word=exceptionally priorpolarity=positive
word=excessive priorpolarity=negative
word=excessively priorpolarity=negative
word=excite priorpolarity=positive
word=excited priorpolarity=positive
word=excitedly priorpolarity=positive
word=excitedness priorpolarity=positive
word=excitement priorpolarity=positive
word=exciting priorpolarity=positive
word=excitingly priorpolarity=positive
word=exclaim priorpolarity=negative
word=exclude priorpolarity=negative
word=exclusion priorpolarity=negative
word=exclusive priorpolarity=positive
word=exclusively priorpolarity=neutral
word=excoriate priorpolarity=negative
word=excruciating priorpolarity=negative
word=excruciatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=excusable priorpolarity=positive
word=excusable priorpolarity=positive
word=excuse priorpolarity=negative
word=excuse priorpolarity=negative
word=excuse priorpolarity=positive
word=excuses priorpolarity=negative
word=excuses priorpolarity=negative
word=execrate priorpolarity=negative
word=exemplar priorpolarity=positive
word=exemplary priorpolarity=positive
word=exhaust priorpolarity=negative
word=exhaustion priorpolarity=negative
word=exhaustive priorpolarity=positive
word=exhaustively priorpolarity=positive
word=exhilarate priorpolarity=positive
word=exhilarating priorpolarity=positive
word=exhilaratingly priorpolarity=positive
word=exhilaration priorpolarity=positive
word=exhort priorpolarity=negative
word=exile priorpolarity=negative
word=exonerate priorpolarity=positive
word=exorbitant priorpolarity=negative
word=exorbitantance priorpolarity=negative
word=exorbitantly priorpolarity=negative
word=expansive priorpolarity=positive
word=expectation priorpolarity=neutral
word=expectation priorpolarity=neutral
word=expedient priorpolarity=negative
word=expediencies priorpolarity=negative
word=expediencies priorpolarity=negative
word=expel priorpolarity=negative
word=expensive priorpolarity=negative
word=expensive priorpolarity=negative
word=experienced priorpolarity=positive
word=expert priorpolarity=positive
word=expertly priorpolarity=positive
word=expire priorpolarity=negative
word=explicit priorpolarity=positive
word=explicitly priorpolarity=positive
word=explode priorpolarity=negative
word=exploit priorpolarity=negative
word=exploitation priorpolarity=negative
word=exploitation priorpolarity=negative
word=expose priorpolarity=negative
word=exposed priorpolarity=negative
word=explosive priorpolarity=negative
word=expound priorpolarity=neutral
word=expression priorpolarity=neutral
word=expression priorpolarity=neutral
word=expressions priorpolarity=neutral
word=expressions priorpolarity=neutral
word=expressive priorpolarity=positive
word=expropriate priorpolarity=negative
word=expropriate priorpolarity=negative
word=expropriation priorpolarity=negative
word=expropriation priorpolarity=negative
word=expulse priorpolarity=negative
word=expunge priorpolarity=negative
word=exquisite priorpolarity=positive
word=exquisitely priorpolarity=positive
word=extemporize priorpolarity=neutral
word=extensive priorpolarity=neutral
word=extensively priorpolarity=neutral
word=exterminate priorpolarity=negative
word=extermination priorpolarity=negative
word=extinguish priorpolarity=negative
word=extol priorpolarity=positive
word=extoll priorpolarity=positive
word=extort priorpolarity=negative
word=extortion priorpolarity=negative
word=extraneous priorpolarity=negative
word=extraordinarily priorpolarity=positive
word=extraordinary priorpolarity=positive
word=extravagance priorpolarity=negative
word=extravagant priorpolarity=negative
word=extravagantly priorpolarity=negative
word=extreme priorpolarity=negative
word=extreme priorpolarity=negative
word=extremely priorpolarity=negative
word=extremism priorpolarity=negative
word=extremism priorpolarity=negative
word=extremist priorpolarity=negative
word=extremists priorpolarity=negative
word=extremists priorpolarity=negative
word=exuberance priorpolarity=positive
word=exuberant priorpolarity=positive
word=exuberantly priorpolarity=positive
word=exult priorpolarity=positive
word=exultation priorpolarity=positive
word=exultingly priorpolarity=positive
word=eyebrows priorpolarity=neutral
word=eyebrows priorpolarity=neutral
word=fabricate priorpolarity=negative
word=fabrication priorpolarity=negative
word=fabulous priorpolarity=positive
word=fabulously priorpolarity=positive
word=facetious priorpolarity=negative
word=facetiously priorpolarity=negative
word=facilitate priorpolarity=positive
word=fact priorpolarity=neutral
word=facts priorpolarity=neutral
word=factual priorpolarity=neutral
word=fading priorpolarity=negative
word=fail priorpolarity=negative
word=failing priorpolarity=negative
word=failure priorpolarity=negative
word=failure priorpolarity=negative
word=failures priorpolarity=negative
word=failures priorpolarity=negative
word=faint priorpolarity=negative
word=fainthearted priorpolarity=negative
word=fair priorpolarity=positive
word=fair priorpolarity=positive
word=fairly priorpolarity=positive
word=fairness priorpolarity=positive
word=fairness priorpolarity=positive
word=faith priorpolarity=positive
word=faith priorpolarity=positive
word=faithful priorpolarity=positive
word=faithful priorpolarity=positive
word=faithfully priorpolarity=positive
word=faithfulness priorpolarity=positive
word=faithless priorpolarity=negative
word=fake priorpolarity=negative
word=fall priorpolarity=negative
word=fallacies priorpolarity=negative
word=fallacies priorpolarity=negative
word=fallacious priorpolarity=negative
word=fallaciously priorpolarity=negative
word=fallaciousness priorpolarity=negative
word=fallacy priorpolarity=negative
word=fallout priorpolarity=negative
word=false priorpolarity=negative
word=false priorpolarity=negative
word=falsehood priorpolarity=negative
word=falsely priorpolarity=negative
word=falsify priorpolarity=negative
word=falter priorpolarity=negative
word=famed priorpolarity=positive
word=familiar priorpolarity=neutral
word=familiar priorpolarity=neutral
word=fame priorpolarity=positive
word=famed priorpolarity=positive
word=famine priorpolarity=negative
word=famished priorpolarity=negative
word=famous priorpolarity=positive
word=famously priorpolarity=positive
word=fanatic priorpolarity=negative
word=fanatical priorpolarity=negative
word=fanatically priorpolarity=negative
word=fanaticism priorpolarity=negative
word=fanatics priorpolarity=negative
word=fanciful priorpolarity=negative
word=fancy priorpolarity=positive
word=fancy priorpolarity=positive
word=fanfare priorpolarity=positive
word=fanfare priorpolarity=positive
word=fantastic priorpolarity=positive
word=fantastically priorpolarity=positive
word=fantasy priorpolarity=positive
word=fantasy priorpolarity=positive
word=far-fetched priorpolarity=negative
word=far-reaching priorpolarity=neutral
word=farfetched priorpolarity=negative
word=farce priorpolarity=negative
word=farcical priorpolarity=negative
word=farcical-yet-provocative priorpolarity=negative
word=farcically priorpolarity=negative
word=farsighted priorpolarity=positive
word=fascinate priorpolarity=positive
word=fascinating priorpolarity=positive
word=fascinatingly priorpolarity=positive
word=fascination priorpolarity=positive
word=fascism priorpolarity=negative
word=fascism priorpolarity=negative
word=fascist priorpolarity=negative
word=fashionable priorpolarity=positive
word=fashionably priorpolarity=positive
word=fast priorpolarity=neutral
word=fast-growing priorpolarity=positive
word=fast-paced priorpolarity=positive
word=fastest-growing priorpolarity=positive
word=fastidious priorpolarity=negative
word=fastidiously priorpolarity=negative
word=fastuous priorpolarity=negative
word=fat priorpolarity=negative
word=fatal priorpolarity=negative
word=fatalistic priorpolarity=negative
word=fatalistically priorpolarity=negative
word=fatally priorpolarity=negative
word=fateful priorpolarity=negative
word=fatefully priorpolarity=negative
word=fathom priorpolarity=positive
word=fathomless priorpolarity=negative
word=fatigue priorpolarity=negative
word=fatty priorpolarity=negative
word=fatuity priorpolarity=negative
word=fatuous priorpolarity=negative
word=fatuously priorpolarity=negative
word=fault priorpolarity=negative
word=faulty priorpolarity=negative
word=favor priorpolarity=positive
word=favor priorpolarity=positive
word=favor priorpolarity=positive
word=favorable priorpolarity=positive
word=favorable priorpolarity=positive
word=favored priorpolarity=positive
word=favorite priorpolarity=positive
word=fawn priorpolarity=both
word=fawningly priorpolarity=negative
word=favour priorpolarity=positive
word=faze priorpolarity=negative
word=fear priorpolarity=negative
word=fear priorpolarity=negative
word=fearful priorpolarity=negative
word=fearfully priorpolarity=negative
word=fearless priorpolarity=positive
word=fearlessly priorpolarity=positive
word=fears priorpolarity=negative
word=fears priorpolarity=negative
word=fearsome priorpolarity=negative
word=feasible priorpolarity=positive
word=feasibly priorpolarity=positive
word=feat priorpolarity=positive
word=featly priorpolarity=positive
word=feckless priorpolarity=negative
word=feeble priorpolarity=negative
word=feeblely priorpolarity=negative
word=feebleminded priorpolarity=negative
word=feel priorpolarity=neutral
word=feels priorpolarity=neutral
word=felt priorpolarity=neutral
word=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word=feeling priorpolarity=neutral
word=feelings priorpolarity=neutral
word=feelings priorpolarity=neutral
word=feign priorpolarity=negative
word=feint priorpolarity=negative
word=feisty priorpolarity=positive
word=feisty priorpolarity=positive
word=felicitate priorpolarity=positive
word=felicitous priorpolarity=positive
word=felicity priorpolarity=positive
word=fell priorpolarity=negative
word=felon priorpolarity=negative
word=felonious priorpolarity=negative
word=ferocious priorpolarity=negative
word=ferociously priorpolarity=negative
word=ferocity priorpolarity=negative
word=fertile priorpolarity=positive
word=fertile priorpolarity=positive
word=fervent priorpolarity=positive
word=fervently priorpolarity=positive
word=fervid priorpolarity=positive
word=fervidly priorpolarity=positive
word=fervor priorpolarity=positive
word=feverish priorpolarity=negative
word=festive priorpolarity=positive
word=fetid priorpolarity=negative
word=fever priorpolarity=negative
word=fiasco priorpolarity=negative
word=fiat priorpolarity=negative
word=fiat priorpolarity=negative
word=fib priorpolarity=negative
word=fib priorpolarity=negative
word=fibber priorpolarity=negative
word=fickle priorpolarity=negative
word=fiction priorpolarity=negative
word=fiction priorpolarity=negative
word=fictional priorpolarity=negative
word=fictitious priorpolarity=negative
word=fidelity priorpolarity=positive
word=fidget priorpolarity=negative
word=fidgety priorpolarity=negative
word=fiend priorpolarity=negative
word=fiendish priorpolarity=negative
word=fierce priorpolarity=negative
word=fiery priorpolarity=positive
word=fight priorpolarity=negative
word=fight priorpolarity=negative
word=figurehead priorpolarity=negative
word=figurehead priorpolarity=negative
word=filth priorpolarity=negative
word=filthy priorpolarity=negative
word=finagle priorpolarity=negative
word=finally priorpolarity=neutral
word=fine priorpolarity=positive
word=fine priorpolarity=negative
word=finely priorpolarity=positive
word=firm priorpolarity=neutral
word=firm priorpolarity=neutral
word=firmly priorpolarity=neutral
word=first-class priorpolarity=positive
word=first-rate priorpolarity=positive
word=fissures priorpolarity=negative
word=fissures priorpolarity=negative
word=fist priorpolarity=negative
word=fit priorpolarity=positive
word=fitting priorpolarity=positive
word=fixer priorpolarity=neutral
word=fixer priorpolarity=neutral
word=flabbergast priorpolarity=negative
word=flabbergasted priorpolarity=negative
word=flagging priorpolarity=negative
word=flagrant priorpolarity=negative
word=flagrantly priorpolarity=negative
word=flair priorpolarity=positive
word=flak priorpolarity=negative
word=flak priorpolarity=negative
word=flake priorpolarity=negative
word=flakey priorpolarity=negative
word=flaky priorpolarity=negative
word=flame priorpolarity=positive
word=flame priorpolarity=positive
word=flash priorpolarity=negative
word=flash priorpolarity=negative
word=flashy priorpolarity=negative
word=flat-out priorpolarity=negative
word=flatter priorpolarity=positive
word=flattering priorpolarity=positive
word=flatteringly priorpolarity=positive
word=flaunt priorpolarity=negative
word=flaw priorpolarity=negative
word=flaw priorpolarity=negative
word=flaws priorpolarity=negative
word=flawed priorpolarity=negative
word=flawed priorpolarity=negative
word=flawless priorpolarity=positive
word=flawlessly priorpolarity=positive
word=fleer priorpolarity=negative
word=fleeting priorpolarity=negative
word=flexible priorpolarity=positive
word=flighty priorpolarity=negative
word=flimflam priorpolarity=negative
word=flimsy priorpolarity=negative
word=flirt priorpolarity=negative
word=flirty priorpolarity=negative
word=floor priorpolarity=neutral
word=floored priorpolarity=negative
word=flounder priorpolarity=negative
word=floundering priorpolarity=negative
word=flourish priorpolarity=positive
word=flourishing priorpolarity=positive
word=flout priorpolarity=negative
word=fluent priorpolarity=positive
word=fluster priorpolarity=negative
word=foe priorpolarity=negative
word=fond priorpolarity=positive
word=fondly priorpolarity=positive
word=fondness priorpolarity=positive
word=fool priorpolarity=negative
word=foolhardy priorpolarity=negative
word=foolish priorpolarity=negative
word=foolishly priorpolarity=negative
word=foolishness priorpolarity=negative
word=foolproof priorpolarity=positive
word=forbid priorpolarity=negative
word=forbidden priorpolarity=negative
word=forbidding priorpolarity=negative
word=forbidding priorpolarity=negative
word=force priorpolarity=negative
word=forceful priorpolarity=negative
word=foreboding priorpolarity=negative
word=forebodingly priorpolarity=negative
word=foremost priorpolarity=positive
word=forsee priorpolarity=neutral
word=foresight priorpolarity=positive
word=foretell priorpolarity=neutral
word=forfeit priorpolarity=negative
word=forgave priorpolarity=positive
word=forged priorpolarity=negative
word=forget priorpolarity=negative
word=forgetful priorpolarity=negative
word=forgetfully priorpolarity=negative
word=forgetfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=forgive priorpolarity=positive
word=forgiven priorpolarity=positive
word=forgiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=forgiving priorpolarity=positive
word=forgivingly priorpolarity=positive
word=forlorn priorpolarity=negative
word=forlornly priorpolarity=negative
word=formidable priorpolarity=negative
word=forsake priorpolarity=negative
word=forsaken priorpolarity=negative
word=forswear priorpolarity=negative
word=forthright priorpolarity=neutral
word=fortitude priorpolarity=positive
word=fortress priorpolarity=neutral
word=fortress priorpolarity=neutral
word=fortuitous priorpolarity=positive
word=fortuitously priorpolarity=positive
word=fortunate priorpolarity=positive
word=fortunate priorpolarity=positive
word=fortunately priorpolarity=positive
word=fortune priorpolarity=positive
word=fortune priorpolarity=positive
word=foul priorpolarity=negative
word=foul priorpolarity=negative
word=foul priorpolarity=negative
word=foully priorpolarity=negative
word=foulness priorpolarity=negative
word=fractious priorpolarity=negative
word=fractiously priorpolarity=negative
word=fracture priorpolarity=negative
word=fracture priorpolarity=negative
word=fragile priorpolarity=negative
word=fragile priorpolarity=negative
word=fragmented priorpolarity=negative
word=fragrant priorpolarity=positive
word=frail priorpolarity=negative
word=frank priorpolarity=positive
word=frankly priorpolarity=neutral
word=frantic priorpolarity=negative
word=frantically priorpolarity=negative
word=franticly priorpolarity=negative
word=fraternize priorpolarity=negative
word=fraud priorpolarity=negative
word=fraud priorpolarity=negative
word=fraudulent priorpolarity=negative
word=fraught priorpolarity=negative
word=fraught priorpolarity=negative
word=freak priorpolarity=negative
word=freak priorpolarity=negative
word=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word=freakish priorpolarity=negative
word=freakishly priorpolarity=negative
word=frazzle priorpolarity=negative
word=frazzle priorpolarity=negative
word=frazzled priorpolarity=negative
word=free priorpolarity=positive
word=freedom priorpolarity=positive
word=freedom priorpolarity=positive
word=freedoms priorpolarity=positive
word=freedoms priorpolarity=positive
word=frenetic priorpolarity=negative
word=frenetically priorpolarity=negative
word=frenzied priorpolarity=negative
word=frenzy priorpolarity=negative
word=frequent priorpolarity=neutral
word=fresh priorpolarity=positive
word=fret priorpolarity=negative
word=fretful priorpolarity=negative
word=friction priorpolarity=negative
word=friction priorpolarity=negative
word=frictions priorpolarity=negative
word=frictions priorpolarity=negative
word=friend priorpolarity=positive
word=friend priorpolarity=positive
word=friendliness priorpolarity=positive
word=friendliness priorpolarity=positive
word=friendly priorpolarity=positive
word=friends priorpolarity=positive
word=friends priorpolarity=positive
word=friendship priorpolarity=positive
word=friendship priorpolarity=positive
word=friggin priorpolarity=negative
word=fright priorpolarity=negative
word=fright priorpolarity=negative
word=frighten priorpolarity=negative
word=frightening priorpolarity=negative
word=frighteningly priorpolarity=negative
word=frighteningly priorpolarity=negative
word=frightful priorpolarity=negative
word=frightfully priorpolarity=negative
word=frigid priorpolarity=negative
word=frivolous priorpolarity=negative
word=frolic priorpolarity=positive
word=frown priorpolarity=negative
word=frown priorpolarity=negative
word=frozen priorpolarity=negative
word=fruitful priorpolarity=positive
word=fruitless priorpolarity=negative
word=fruitlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=fumble priorpolarity=negative
word=fun priorpolarity=negative
word=frustrate priorpolarity=negative
word=frustrated priorpolarity=negative
word=frustrating priorpolarity=negative
word=frustrating priorpolarity=negative
word=frustratingly priorpolarity=negative
word=frustration priorpolarity=negative
word=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word=fudge priorpolarity=negative
word=fugitive priorpolarity=negative
word=fulfillment priorpolarity=positive
word=fulfillment priorpolarity=positive
word=full priorpolarity=neutral
word=fully priorpolarity=neutral
word=full-blown priorpolarity=negative
word=full-fledged priorpolarity=positive
word=full-scale priorpolarity=neutral
word=fulminate priorpolarity=negative
word=fume priorpolarity=negative
word=fun priorpolarity=positive
word=functional priorpolarity=positive
word=fundamental priorpolarity=neutral
word=fundamentally priorpolarity=neutral
word=fundamentalism priorpolarity=negative
word=fundamentalism priorpolarity=negative
word=funded priorpolarity=neutral
word=funny priorpolarity=positive
word=funny priorpolarity=positive
word=furious priorpolarity=negative
word=furiously priorpolarity=negative
word=furor priorpolarity=negative
word=further priorpolarity=neutral
word=furthermore priorpolarity=neutral
word=fury priorpolarity=negative
word=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word=fuss priorpolarity=negative
word=fustigate priorpolarity=negative
word=fussy priorpolarity=negative
word=fusty priorpolarity=negative
word=futile priorpolarity=negative
word=futilely priorpolarity=negative
word=futility priorpolarity=negative
word=fuzzy priorpolarity=negative
word=gabble priorpolarity=negative
word=gaff priorpolarity=negative
word=gaffe priorpolarity=negative
word=gaiety priorpolarity=positive
word=gaily priorpolarity=positive
word=gain priorpolarity=positive
word=gain priorpolarity=positive
word=gainful priorpolarity=positive
word=gainfully priorpolarity=positive
word=gainsay priorpolarity=negative
word=gainsayer priorpolarity=negative
word=gaga priorpolarity=negative
word=gaggle priorpolarity=negative
word=gall priorpolarity=negative
word=gallant priorpolarity=positive
word=gallantly priorpolarity=positive
word=galling priorpolarity=negative
word=gallingly priorpolarity=negative
word=galore priorpolarity=positive
word=galvanize priorpolarity=neutral
word=gamble priorpolarity=negative
word=gamble priorpolarity=negative
word=game priorpolarity=negative
word=gape priorpolarity=negative
word=garbage priorpolarity=negative
word=garbage priorpolarity=negative
word=garish priorpolarity=negative
word=gasp priorpolarity=negative
word=gasp priorpolarity=negative
word=gauche priorpolarity=negative
word=gaudy priorpolarity=negative
word=gawk priorpolarity=negative
word=gawky priorpolarity=negative
word=geezer priorpolarity=negative
word=gem priorpolarity=positive
word=gem priorpolarity=positive
word=gems priorpolarity=positive
word=gems priorpolarity=positive
word=generosity priorpolarity=positive
word=generous priorpolarity=positive
word=generously priorpolarity=positive
word=genial priorpolarity=positive
word=genius priorpolarity=positive
word=genocide priorpolarity=negative
word=genocide priorpolarity=negative
word=gentle priorpolarity=positive
word=genuine priorpolarity=positive
word=germane priorpolarity=positive
word=gestures priorpolarity=neutral
word=gestures priorpolarity=neutral
word=get-rich priorpolarity=negative
word=get-rich priorpolarity=negative
word=ghastly priorpolarity=negative
word=ghetto priorpolarity=negative
word=giant priorpolarity=neutral
word=giant priorpolarity=neutral
word=giants priorpolarity=neutral
word=giants priorpolarity=neutral
word=gibber priorpolarity=negative
word=gibberish priorpolarity=negative
word=gibe priorpolarity=negative
word=giddy priorpolarity=positive
word=gifted priorpolarity=positive
word=gigantic priorpolarity=neutral
word=glad priorpolarity=positive
word=gladden priorpolarity=positive
word=gladly priorpolarity=positive
word=gladness priorpolarity=positive
word=glamorous priorpolarity=positive
word=glare priorpolarity=negative
word=glare priorpolarity=negative
word=glaring priorpolarity=negative
word=glaringly priorpolarity=negative
word=glean priorpolarity=neutral
word=glee priorpolarity=positive
word=gleeful priorpolarity=positive
word=gleefully priorpolarity=positive
word=glib priorpolarity=negative
word=glibly priorpolarity=negative
word=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word=glimmer priorpolarity=positive
word=glimmering priorpolarity=positive
word=glisten priorpolarity=positive
word=glisten priorpolarity=positive
word=glistening priorpolarity=positive
word=glitch priorpolarity=negative
word=glitter priorpolarity=positive
word=glitter priorpolarity=positive
word=gloat priorpolarity=both
word=gloatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=gloom priorpolarity=negative
word=gloomy priorpolarity=negative
word=glorify priorpolarity=positive
word=glorious priorpolarity=positive
word=gloriously priorpolarity=positive
word=glory priorpolarity=positive
word=glory priorpolarity=positive
word=gloss priorpolarity=negative
word=glossy priorpolarity=positive
word=glow priorpolarity=positive
word=glower priorpolarity=negative
word=glowing priorpolarity=positive
word=glowingly priorpolarity=positive
word=glum priorpolarity=negative
word=glut priorpolarity=negative
word=gnawing priorpolarity=negative
word=go-ahead priorpolarity=positive
word=go-ahead priorpolarity=positive
word=goad priorpolarity=negative
word=goading priorpolarity=negative
word=god-awful priorpolarity=negative
word=god-given priorpolarity=positive
word=goddam priorpolarity=negative
word=goddamn priorpolarity=negative
word=godlike priorpolarity=positive
word=gold priorpolarity=positive
word=golden priorpolarity=positive
word=good priorpolarity=positive
word=goodly priorpolarity=positive
word=goodness priorpolarity=positive
word=goodwill priorpolarity=positive
word=goodwill priorpolarity=positive
word=goof priorpolarity=negative
word=goof priorpolarity=negative
word=gorgeous priorpolarity=positive
word=gorgeously priorpolarity=positive
word=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word=gossip priorpolarity=negative
word=grace priorpolarity=positive
word=graceful priorpolarity=positive
word=gracefully priorpolarity=positive
word=graceless priorpolarity=negative
word=gracelessly priorpolarity=negative
word=gracious priorpolarity=positive
word=graciously priorpolarity=positive
word=graciousness priorpolarity=positive
word=graft priorpolarity=negative
word=grail priorpolarity=positive
word=grail priorpolarity=positive
word=grand priorpolarity=positive
word=grandeur priorpolarity=positive
word=grandiose priorpolarity=negative
word=grapple priorpolarity=negative
word=grate priorpolarity=negative
word=grateful priorpolarity=positive
word=grateful priorpolarity=positive
word=gratefully priorpolarity=positive
word=gratification priorpolarity=positive
word=gratify priorpolarity=positive
word=gratifying priorpolarity=positive
word=gratifyingly priorpolarity=positive
word=grating priorpolarity=negative
word=gratitude priorpolarity=positive
word=gratitude priorpolarity=positive
word=gratuitous priorpolarity=negative
word=gratuitous priorpolarity=negative
word=gratuitously priorpolarity=negative
word=grave priorpolarity=negative
word=gravely priorpolarity=negative
word=great priorpolarity=positive
word=greatest priorpolarity=positive
word=greatly priorpolarity=neutral
word=greatness priorpolarity=positive
word=greed priorpolarity=negative
word=greedy priorpolarity=negative
word=greet priorpolarity=positive
word=grief priorpolarity=negative
word=grievance priorpolarity=negative
word=grievances priorpolarity=negative
word=grievances priorpolarity=negative
word=grieve priorpolarity=negative
word=grieving priorpolarity=negative
word=grievous priorpolarity=negative
word=grievously priorpolarity=negative
word=grill priorpolarity=negative
word=grim priorpolarity=negative
word=grimace priorpolarity=negative
word=grin priorpolarity=positive
word=grind priorpolarity=negative
word=grind priorpolarity=negative
word=gripe priorpolarity=negative
word=gripe priorpolarity=negative
word=grisly priorpolarity=negative
word=grit priorpolarity=positive
word=grit priorpolarity=positive
word=gritty priorpolarity=negative
word=groove priorpolarity=positive
word=gross priorpolarity=negative
word=grossly priorpolarity=negative
word=grotesque priorpolarity=negative
word=grouch priorpolarity=negative
word=grouchy priorpolarity=negative
word=groundbreaking priorpolarity=positive
word=groundbreaking priorpolarity=positive
word=groundless priorpolarity=negative
word=grouse priorpolarity=negative
word=growing priorpolarity=neutral
word=growl priorpolarity=negative
word=grudge priorpolarity=negative
word=grudges priorpolarity=negative
word=grudges priorpolarity=negative
word=grudging priorpolarity=negative
word=grudgingly priorpolarity=negative
word=gruesome priorpolarity=negative
word=gruesomely priorpolarity=negative
word=gruff priorpolarity=negative
word=grumble priorpolarity=negative
word=guarantee priorpolarity=positive
word=guarantee priorpolarity=positive
word=guardian priorpolarity=positive
word=guidance priorpolarity=positive
word=guidance priorpolarity=positive
word=guile priorpolarity=negative
word=guilt priorpolarity=negative
word=guiltless priorpolarity=positive
word=guilty priorpolarity=negative
word=guiltily priorpolarity=negative
word=gullible priorpolarity=negative
word=gush priorpolarity=positive
word=gumption priorpolarity=positive
word=gusto priorpolarity=positive
word=gutsy priorpolarity=positive
word=haggard priorpolarity=negative
word=haggle priorpolarity=negative
word=hail priorpolarity=positive
word=halcyon priorpolarity=positive
word=hale priorpolarity=positive
word=halfhearted priorpolarity=negative
word=halfheartedly priorpolarity=negative
word=halfway priorpolarity=neutral
word=halfway priorpolarity=neutral
word=hallowed priorpolarity=positive
word=hallucinate priorpolarity=negative
word=hallucination priorpolarity=negative
word=halt priorpolarity=neutral
word=hamper priorpolarity=negative
word=hamstring priorpolarity=negative
word=hamstrung priorpolarity=negative
word=handicapped priorpolarity=negative
word=handily priorpolarity=positive
word=handsome priorpolarity=positive
word=handy priorpolarity=positive
word=hanker priorpolarity=positive
word=hapless priorpolarity=negative
word=haphazard priorpolarity=negative
word=happily priorpolarity=positive
word=happiness priorpolarity=positive
word=happy priorpolarity=positive
word=harangue priorpolarity=negative
word=harass priorpolarity=negative
word=harassment priorpolarity=negative
word=harassment priorpolarity=negative
word=harboring priorpolarity=negative
word=harboring priorpolarity=negative
word=harbors priorpolarity=negative
word=harbors priorpolarity=negative
word=hard priorpolarity=negative
word=hard-hit priorpolarity=negative
word=hard-line priorpolarity=negative
word=hard-liner priorpolarity=negative
word=hard-working priorpolarity=positive
word=hardball priorpolarity=negative
word=hardball priorpolarity=negative
word=harden priorpolarity=negative
word=hardened priorpolarity=negative
word=hardheaded priorpolarity=negative
word=hardhearted priorpolarity=negative
word=hardier priorpolarity=positive
word=hardier priorpolarity=positive
word=hardliner priorpolarity=negative
word=hardliners priorpolarity=negative
word=hardliners priorpolarity=negative
word=hardly priorpolarity=negative
word=hardship priorpolarity=negative
word=hardships priorpolarity=negative
word=hardships priorpolarity=negative
word=hardy priorpolarity=positive
word=harm priorpolarity=negative
word=harm priorpolarity=negative
word=harmful priorpolarity=negative
word=harmless priorpolarity=positive
word=harmonious priorpolarity=positive
word=harmoniously priorpolarity=positive
word=harmonize priorpolarity=positive
word=harmony priorpolarity=positive
word=harmony priorpolarity=positive
word=harms priorpolarity=negative
word=harms priorpolarity=negative
word=harpy priorpolarity=negative
word=harridan priorpolarity=negative
word=harried priorpolarity=negative
word=harrow priorpolarity=negative
word=harsh priorpolarity=negative
word=harshly priorpolarity=negative
word=hassle priorpolarity=negative
word=haste priorpolarity=negative
word=haste priorpolarity=negative
word=hasty priorpolarity=negative
word=hasty priorpolarity=negative
word=hate priorpolarity=negative
word=hater priorpolarity=negative
word=hateful priorpolarity=negative
word=hatefully priorpolarity=negative
word=hatefulness priorpolarity=negative
word=haughtily priorpolarity=negative
word=haughty priorpolarity=negative
word=hatred priorpolarity=negative
word=haunt priorpolarity=negative
word=haunting priorpolarity=negative
word=haven priorpolarity=positive
word=havoc priorpolarity=negative
word=hawkish priorpolarity=negative
word=hawkish priorpolarity=negative
word=hazard priorpolarity=negative
word=hazard priorpolarity=negative
word=hazardous priorpolarity=negative
word=hazy priorpolarity=negative
word=headache priorpolarity=negative
word=headaches priorpolarity=negative
word=headaches priorpolarity=negative
word=headway priorpolarity=positive
word=heady priorpolarity=positive
word=heal priorpolarity=positive
word=healthful priorpolarity=positive
word=healthy priorpolarity=positive
word=healthy priorpolarity=positive
word=heart priorpolarity=positive
word=heartbreak priorpolarity=negative
word=heartbreaker priorpolarity=negative
word=heartbreaking priorpolarity=negative
word=heartbreakingly priorpolarity=negative
word=hearten priorpolarity=positive
word=heartening priorpolarity=positive
word=heartfelt priorpolarity=positive
word=heartily priorpolarity=positive
word=heartless priorpolarity=negative
word=heartrending priorpolarity=negative
word=heartwarming priorpolarity=positive
word=heathen priorpolarity=negative
word=heathen priorpolarity=negative
word=heaven priorpolarity=positive
word=heavenly priorpolarity=positive
word=heavily priorpolarity=negative
word=heavy-duty priorpolarity=neutral
word=heavy-handed priorpolarity=negative
word=heavyhearted priorpolarity=negative
word=heck priorpolarity=negative
word=heck priorpolarity=negative
word=heckle priorpolarity=negative
word=hectic priorpolarity=negative
word=hedge priorpolarity=negative
word=hedonistic priorpolarity=negative
word=heedless priorpolarity=negative
word=hefty priorpolarity=neutral
word=hegemonism priorpolarity=negative
word=hegemonism priorpolarity=negative
word=hegemonistic priorpolarity=negative
word=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word=hegemony priorpolarity=negative
word=heinous priorpolarity=negative
word=hell priorpolarity=negative
word=hell-bent priorpolarity=negative
word=hellion priorpolarity=negative
word=help priorpolarity=positive
word=help priorpolarity=positive
word=help priorpolarity=positive
word=helpful priorpolarity=positive
word=helpless priorpolarity=negative
word=helplessly priorpolarity=negative
word=helplessness priorpolarity=negative
word=herald priorpolarity=positive
word=heresy priorpolarity=negative
word=heretic priorpolarity=negative
word=heretical priorpolarity=negative
word=hero priorpolarity=positive
word=heroic priorpolarity=positive
word=heroic priorpolarity=positive
word=heroically priorpolarity=positive
word=heroine priorpolarity=positive
word=heroize priorpolarity=positive
word=heros priorpolarity=positive
word=hesitant priorpolarity=negative
word=hideous priorpolarity=negative
word=hideously priorpolarity=negative
word=hideousness priorpolarity=negative
word=high priorpolarity=neutral
word=high-powered priorpolarity=neutral
word=high-quality priorpolarity=positive
word=highlight priorpolarity=positive
word=highlight priorpolarity=positive
word=hilarious priorpolarity=positive
word=hilariously priorpolarity=positive
word=hilariousness priorpolarity=positive
word=hilarity priorpolarity=positive
word=hinder priorpolarity=negative
word=hindrance priorpolarity=negative
word=historic priorpolarity=positive
word=hm priorpolarity=neutral
word=hmm priorpolarity=neutral
word=hoard priorpolarity=negative
word=hoax priorpolarity=negative
word=hobble priorpolarity=negative
word=hole priorpolarity=negative
word=hollow priorpolarity=negative
word=holy priorpolarity=positive
word=homage priorpolarity=positive
word=honest priorpolarity=positive
word=honest priorpolarity=positive
word=honestly priorpolarity=positive
word=honesty priorpolarity=positive
word=honesty priorpolarity=positive
word=honeymoon priorpolarity=positive
word=honor priorpolarity=positive
word=honor priorpolarity=positive
word=honor priorpolarity=positive
word=honorable priorpolarity=positive
word=hoodwink priorpolarity=negative
word=hope priorpolarity=positive
word=hope priorpolarity=positive
word=hope priorpolarity=positive
word=hopeful priorpolarity=positive
word=hopefully priorpolarity=positive
word=hopefulness priorpolarity=positive
word=hopeless priorpolarity=negative
word=hopelessly priorpolarity=negative
word=hopelessness priorpolarity=negative
word=hopes priorpolarity=positive
word=hopes priorpolarity=positive
word=horde priorpolarity=negative
word=horrendous priorpolarity=negative
word=horrendously priorpolarity=negative
word=horrible priorpolarity=negative
word=horrible priorpolarity=negative
word=horribly priorpolarity=negative
word=horrid priorpolarity=negative
word=horrific priorpolarity=negative
word=horrifically priorpolarity=negative
word=horrify priorpolarity=negative
word=horrify priorpolarity=negative
word=horrifying priorpolarity=negative
word=horrifyingly priorpolarity=negative
word=horror priorpolarity=negative
word=horrors priorpolarity=negative
word=hospitable priorpolarity=positive
word=hostage priorpolarity=negative
word=hostile priorpolarity=negative
word=hostile priorpolarity=negative
word=hostilities priorpolarity=negative
word=hostilities priorpolarity=negative
word=hostility priorpolarity=negative
word=hostility priorpolarity=negative
word=hot priorpolarity=positive
word=hothead priorpolarity=negative
word=hotheaded priorpolarity=negative
word=hotbeds priorpolarity=negative
word=hotbeds priorpolarity=negative
word=hothouse priorpolarity=negative
word=hothouse priorpolarity=negative
word=however priorpolarity=neutral
word=hubris priorpolarity=negative
word=huckster priorpolarity=negative
word=hug priorpolarity=positive
word=hug priorpolarity=positive
word=huge priorpolarity=neutral
word=humane priorpolarity=positive
word=humane priorpolarity=positive
word=humanists priorpolarity=positive
word=humanists priorpolarity=positive
word=humanity priorpolarity=positive
word=humankind priorpolarity=positive
word=humble priorpolarity=positive
word=humbling priorpolarity=negative
word=humiliate priorpolarity=negative
word=humiliating priorpolarity=negative
word=humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word=humility priorpolarity=positive
word=humor priorpolarity=positive
word=humorous priorpolarity=positive
word=humorously priorpolarity=positive
word=humour priorpolarity=positive
word=humour priorpolarity=positive
word=humourous priorpolarity=positive
word=hunger priorpolarity=negative
word=hungry priorpolarity=negative
word=hurt priorpolarity=negative
word=hurt priorpolarity=negative
word=hurtful priorpolarity=negative
word=hustler priorpolarity=negative
word=hypnotize priorpolarity=neutral
word=hypocrisy priorpolarity=negative
word=hypocrite priorpolarity=negative
word=hypocrites priorpolarity=negative
word=hypocritical priorpolarity=negative
word=hypocritically priorpolarity=negative
word=hysteria priorpolarity=negative
word=hysteric priorpolarity=negative
word=hysterical priorpolarity=negative
word=hysterically priorpolarity=negative
word=hysterics priorpolarity=negative
word=icy priorpolarity=negative
word=idea priorpolarity=neutral
word=idea priorpolarity=neutral
word=ideal priorpolarity=positive
word=ideal priorpolarity=positive
word=idealism priorpolarity=positive
word=idealist priorpolarity=positive
word=idealize priorpolarity=positive
word=ideally priorpolarity=positive
word=idiocies priorpolarity=negative
word=idiocy priorpolarity=negative
word=idiot priorpolarity=negative
word=idiotic priorpolarity=negative
word=idiotically priorpolarity=negative
word=idiots priorpolarity=negative
word=idle priorpolarity=negative
word=idol priorpolarity=positive
word=idol priorpolarity=positive
word=idolize priorpolarity=positive
word=idolized priorpolarity=positive
word=idyllic priorpolarity=positive
word=ignite priorpolarity=neutral
word=ignoble priorpolarity=negative
word=ignominious priorpolarity=negative
word=ignominiously priorpolarity=negative
word=ignominy priorpolarity=negative
word=ignore priorpolarity=negative
word=ignorance priorpolarity=negative
word=ignorance priorpolarity=negative
word=ignorant priorpolarity=negative
word=ignorant priorpolarity=negative
word=ill priorpolarity=negative
word=ill priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-advised priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-conceived priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-fated priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-favored priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-mannered priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-natured priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-sorted priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-tempered priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-treated priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-treatment priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-treatment priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-usage priorpolarity=negative
word=ill-used priorpolarity=negative
word=illegal priorpolarity=negative
word=illegally priorpolarity=negative
word=illegitimate priorpolarity=negative
word=illicit priorpolarity=negative
word=illiquid priorpolarity=negative
word=illiterate priorpolarity=negative
word=illness priorpolarity=negative
word=illogic priorpolarity=negative
word=illogical priorpolarity=negative
word=illogically priorpolarity=negative
word=illuminate priorpolarity=positive
word=illuminati priorpolarity=positive
word=illuminati priorpolarity=positive
word=illuminating priorpolarity=positive
word=illumine priorpolarity=positive
word=illusion priorpolarity=negative
word=illusion priorpolarity=negative
word=illusions priorpolarity=negative
word=illusions priorpolarity=negative
word=illusory priorpolarity=negative
word=illustrious priorpolarity=positive
word=imaginary priorpolarity=negative
word=imagination priorpolarity=neutral
word=imagination priorpolarity=neutral
word=imaginative priorpolarity=positive
word=imagine priorpolarity=neutral
word=imbalance priorpolarity=negative
word=imbalance priorpolarity=negative
word=imbecile priorpolarity=negative
word=imbroglio priorpolarity=negative
word=immaculate priorpolarity=positive
word=immaculately priorpolarity=positive
word=immaterial priorpolarity=negative
word=immature priorpolarity=negative
word=immediate priorpolarity=neutral
word=immediately priorpolarity=neutral
word=immense priorpolarity=neutral
word=immensely priorpolarity=neutral
word=immensity priorpolarity=neutral
word=immensurable priorpolarity=neutral
word=imminence priorpolarity=negative
word=imminent priorpolarity=negative
word=imminently priorpolarity=negative
word=immobilized priorpolarity=negative
word=immoderate priorpolarity=negative
word=immoderately priorpolarity=negative
word=immodest priorpolarity=negative
word=immoral priorpolarity=negative
word=immorality priorpolarity=negative
word=immorally priorpolarity=negative
word=immovable priorpolarity=negative
word=immune priorpolarity=neutral
word=impair priorpolarity=negative
word=impaired priorpolarity=negative
word=impartial priorpolarity=positive
word=impartiality priorpolarity=positive
word=impartially priorpolarity=positive
word=impasse priorpolarity=negative
word=impassioned priorpolarity=positive
word=impassive polarity=negative priorpolarity=weakneg
word=impatience priorpolarity=negative
word=impatient priorpolarity=negative
word=impatiently priorpolarity=negative
word=impeach priorpolarity=negative
word=impeccable priorpolarity=positive
word=impeccably priorpolarity=positive
word=impede priorpolarity=negative
word=impedance priorpolarity=negative
word=impediment priorpolarity=negative
word=impel priorpolarity=positive
word=impending priorpolarity=negative
word=impending priorpolarity=negative
word=impenitent priorpolarity=negative
word=imperative priorpolarity=neutral
word=imperatively priorpolarity=neutral
word=imperfect priorpolarity=negative
word=imperfectly priorpolarity=negative
word=imperial priorpolarity=positive
word=imperialist priorpolarity=negative
word=imperil priorpolarity=negative
word=imperious priorpolarity=negative
word=imperiously priorpolarity=negative
word=impermissible priorpolarity=negative
word=impersonal priorpolarity=negative
word=impertinent priorpolarity=negative
word=imperturbable priorpolarity=positive
word=impervious priorpolarity=positive
word=impetuous priorpolarity=negative
word=impetuously priorpolarity=negative
word=impetus priorpolarity=positive
word=impiety priorpolarity=negative
word=impinge priorpolarity=negative
word=impious priorpolarity=negative
word=implacable priorpolarity=negative
word=implausible priorpolarity=negative
word=implausibly priorpolarity=negative
word=implicate priorpolarity=negative
word=implication priorpolarity=negative
word=implication priorpolarity=negative
word=implicit priorpolarity=neutral
word=implode priorpolarity=negative
word=implore priorpolarity=both
word=imploring priorpolarity=both
word=imploringly priorpolarity=both
word=imply priorpolarity=neutral
word=impolite priorpolarity=negative
word=impolitely priorpolarity=negative
word=impolitic priorpolarity=negative
word=importance priorpolarity=positive
word=important priorpolarity=positive
word=importantly priorpolarity=positive
word=importunate priorpolarity=negative
word=importune priorpolarity=negative
word=impose priorpolarity=negative
word=imposers priorpolarity=negative
word=imposers priorpolarity=negative
word=imposing priorpolarity=negative
word=imposing priorpolarity=negative
word=imposition priorpolarity=negative
word=imposition priorpolarity=negative
word=impossible priorpolarity=negative
word=impossiblity priorpolarity=negative
word=impossibly priorpolarity=negative
word=impotent priorpolarity=negative
word=impotent priorpolarity=negative
word=impoverish priorpolarity=negative
word=impoverished priorpolarity=negative
word=impractical priorpolarity=negative
word=impractical priorpolarity=negative
word=imprecate priorpolarity=negative
word=imprecise priorpolarity=negative
word=imprecisely priorpolarity=negative
word=imprecision priorpolarity=negative
word=impregnable priorpolarity=positive
word=impress priorpolarity=positive
word=impression priorpolarity=positive
word=impression priorpolarity=positive
word=impressions priorpolarity=positive
word=impressions priorpolarity=positive
word=impressive priorpolarity=positive
word=impressively priorpolarity=positive
word=impressiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=imprison priorpolarity=negative
word=imprisonment priorpolarity=negative
word=improbability priorpolarity=negative
word=improbable priorpolarity=negative
word=improbably priorpolarity=negative
word=improper priorpolarity=negative
word=improperly priorpolarity=negative
word=impropriety priorpolarity=negative
word=improving priorpolarity=positive
word=improve priorpolarity=positive
word=improved priorpolarity=positive
word=improvement priorpolarity=positive
word=improvise priorpolarity=positive
word=imprudence priorpolarity=negative
word=imprudent priorpolarity=negative
word=impudence priorpolarity=negative
word=impudent priorpolarity=negative
word=impudently priorpolarity=negative
word=impugn priorpolarity=negative
word=impulsive priorpolarity=negative
word=impulsively priorpolarity=negative
word=impunity priorpolarity=negative
word=impunity priorpolarity=negative
word=impure priorpolarity=negative
word=impurity priorpolarity=negative
word=inability priorpolarity=negative
word=inability priorpolarity=negative
word=inaccessible priorpolarity=negative
word=inaccuracy priorpolarity=negative
word=inaccuracies priorpolarity=negative
word=inaccurate priorpolarity=negative
word=inaccurately priorpolarity=negative
word=inaction priorpolarity=negative
word=inactive priorpolarity=negative
word=inadequacy priorpolarity=negative
word=inadequate priorpolarity=negative
word=inadequately priorpolarity=negative
word=inadverent priorpolarity=negative
word=inadverently priorpolarity=negative
word=inadvisable priorpolarity=negative
word=inadvisably priorpolarity=negative
word=inalienable priorpolarity=positive
word=inane priorpolarity=negative
word=inanely priorpolarity=negative
word=inappropriate priorpolarity=negative
word=inappropriately priorpolarity=negative
word=inapt priorpolarity=negative
word=inaptitude priorpolarity=negative
word=inarguable priorpolarity=neutral
word=inarguably priorpolarity=neutral
word=inarticulate priorpolarity=negative
word=inattentive priorpolarity=negative
word=incapable priorpolarity=negative
word=incapably priorpolarity=negative
word=incautious priorpolarity=negative
word=incendiary priorpolarity=negative
word=incense priorpolarity=negative
word=incessant priorpolarity=negative
word=incessantly priorpolarity=negative
word=incisive priorpolarity=positive
word=incisively priorpolarity=positive
word=incisiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=incite priorpolarity=negative
word=incitement priorpolarity=negative
word=incitement priorpolarity=negative
word=incivility priorpolarity=negative
word=inclement priorpolarity=negative
word=inclination priorpolarity=positive
word=inclination priorpolarity=positive
word=inclinations priorpolarity=positive
word=inclined priorpolarity=positive
word=inclusive priorpolarity=positive
word=incognizant priorpolarity=negative
word=incoherence priorpolarity=negative
word=incoherent priorpolarity=negative
word=incoherently priorpolarity=negative
word=incommensurate priorpolarity=negative
word=incomparable priorpolarity=negative
word=incomparably priorpolarity=negative
word=incompatibility priorpolarity=negative
word=incompatible priorpolarity=negative
word=incompatible priorpolarity=negative
word=incompetence priorpolarity=negative
word=incompetent priorpolarity=negative
word=incompetently priorpolarity=negative
word=incomplete priorpolarity=negative
word=incompliant priorpolarity=negative
word=incomprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word=incomprehension priorpolarity=negative
word=inconceivable priorpolarity=negative
word=inconceivably priorpolarity=negative
word=inconclusive priorpolarity=negative
word=incongruous priorpolarity=negative
word=incongruously priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsequent priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsequently priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsequential priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsequentially priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsiderate priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsiderately priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsistence priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsistencies priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsistencies priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsistency priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsistent priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsolable priorpolarity=negative
word=inconsolably priorpolarity=negative
word=inconstant priorpolarity=negative
word=incontestable priorpolarity=positive
word=incontrovertible priorpolarity=positive
word=inconvenience priorpolarity=negative
word=inconvenience priorpolarity=negative
word=inconvenient priorpolarity=negative
word=inconveniently priorpolarity=negative
word=incorrect priorpolarity=negative
word=incorrectly priorpolarity=negative
word=incorrigible priorpolarity=negative
word=incorrigibly priorpolarity=negative
word=incorruptible priorpolarity=positive
word=increasing priorpolarity=neutral
word=increasingly priorpolarity=neutral
word=incredible priorpolarity=positive
word=incredibly priorpolarity=positive
word=incredulous priorpolarity=negative
word=incredulously priorpolarity=negative
word=inculcate priorpolarity=negative
word=indebted priorpolarity=positive
word=indecency priorpolarity=negative
word=indecent priorpolarity=negative
word=indecently priorpolarity=negative
word=indecision priorpolarity=negative
word=indecisive priorpolarity=negative
word=indecisively priorpolarity=negative
word=indecorum priorpolarity=negative
word=indeed priorpolarity=neutral
word=indefatigable priorpolarity=positive
word=indefensible priorpolarity=negative
word=indefensible priorpolarity=negative
word=indefinite priorpolarity=negative
word=indefinitely priorpolarity=negative
word=indelible priorpolarity=positive
word=indelibly priorpolarity=positive
word=indelicate priorpolarity=negative
word=independence priorpolarity=positive
word=independence priorpolarity=positive
word=independent priorpolarity=positive
word=indescribable priorpolarity=positive
word=indescribably priorpolarity=positive
word=indestructible priorpolarity=positive
word=indeterminable priorpolarity=negative
word=indeterminably priorpolarity=negative
word=indeterminate priorpolarity=negative
word=indication priorpolarity=neutral
word=indication priorpolarity=neutral
word=indicative priorpolarity=neutral
word=indicative priorpolarity=neutral
word=indifference priorpolarity=negative
word=indifferent priorpolarity=negative
word=indigent priorpolarity=negative
word=indignant priorpolarity=negative
word=indignantly priorpolarity=negative
word=indignation priorpolarity=negative
word=indignity priorpolarity=negative
word=indignity priorpolarity=negative
word=indirect priorpolarity=neutral
word=indiscernible priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscreet priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscreet priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscreetly priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscretion priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscriminate priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscriminating priorpolarity=negative
word=indiscriminately priorpolarity=negative
word=indispensable priorpolarity=positive
word=indispensability priorpolarity=positive
word=indisposed priorpolarity=negative
word=indisputable priorpolarity=positive
word=indistinct priorpolarity=negative
word=indistinctive priorpolarity=negative
word=individuality priorpolarity=positive
word=indoctrinate priorpolarity=negative
word=indoctrination priorpolarity=negative
word=indoctrination priorpolarity=negative
word=indolent priorpolarity=negative
word=indomitable priorpolarity=positive
word=indomitably priorpolarity=positive
word=indubitable priorpolarity=positive
word=indubitably priorpolarity=positive
word=indulge priorpolarity=negative
word=indulgence priorpolarity=positive
word=indulgent priorpolarity=positive
word=industrious priorpolarity=positive
word=ineffective priorpolarity=negative
word=ineffectively priorpolarity=negative
word=ineffectiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=ineffectual priorpolarity=negative
word=ineffectually priorpolarity=negative
word=ineffectualness priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficacious priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficacious priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficacy priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficiency priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficient priorpolarity=negative
word=inefficiently priorpolarity=negative
word=ineligible priorpolarity=negative
word=inelegance priorpolarity=negative
word=inelegant priorpolarity=negative
word=ineloquent priorpolarity=negative
word=ineloquently priorpolarity=negative
word=inept priorpolarity=negative
word=ineptitude priorpolarity=negative
word=ineptitude priorpolarity=negative
word=ineptly priorpolarity=negative
word=inequalities priorpolarity=negative
word=inequalities priorpolarity=negative
word=inequality priorpolarity=negative
word=inequality priorpolarity=negative
word=inequitable priorpolarity=negative
word=inequitably priorpolarity=negative
word=inequities priorpolarity=negative
word=inequities priorpolarity=negative
word=inertia priorpolarity=negative
word=inertia priorpolarity=negative
word=inescapable priorpolarity=negative
word=inescapably priorpolarity=negative
word=inessential priorpolarity=negative
word=inestimable priorpolarity=positive
word=inestimably priorpolarity=positive
word=inevitable priorpolarity=negative
word=inevitable priorpolarity=negative
word=inevitably priorpolarity=negative
word=inexact priorpolarity=negative
word=inexcusable priorpolarity=negative
word=inexcusably priorpolarity=negative
word=inexorable priorpolarity=negative
word=inexorably priorpolarity=negative
word=inexpensive priorpolarity=positive
word=inexperience priorpolarity=negative
word=inexperienced priorpolarity=negative
word=inexpert priorpolarity=negative
word=inexpertly priorpolarity=negative
word=inexpiable priorpolarity=negative
word=inexplainable priorpolarity=negative
word=inexplicable priorpolarity=negative
word=inextricable priorpolarity=negative
word=inextricably priorpolarity=negative
word=infallible priorpolarity=positive
word=infallibly priorpolarity=positive
word=infallibility priorpolarity=positive
word=infamous priorpolarity=negative
word=infamously priorpolarity=negative
word=infamy priorpolarity=negative
word=infatuated priorpolarity=both
word=infected priorpolarity=negative
word=infectious priorpolarity=neutral
word=infer priorpolarity=neutral
word=inference priorpolarity=neutral
word=inference priorpolarity=neutral
word=inferior priorpolarity=negative
word=inferiority priorpolarity=negative
word=infernal priorpolarity=negative
word=infest priorpolarity=negative
word=infested priorpolarity=negative
word=infidel priorpolarity=negative
word=infidels priorpolarity=negative
word=infiltrator priorpolarity=negative
word=infiltrators priorpolarity=negative
word=infiltrators priorpolarity=negative
word=infirm priorpolarity=negative
word=inflame priorpolarity=negative
word=inflammatory priorpolarity=negative
word=inflated priorpolarity=negative
word=inflationary priorpolarity=negative
word=inflexible priorpolarity=negative
word=inflict priorpolarity=negative
word=influence priorpolarity=neutral
word=influence priorpolarity=neutral
word=influential priorpolarity=positive
word=informational priorpolarity=neutral
word=informative priorpolarity=positive
word=infraction priorpolarity=negative
word=infringe priorpolarity=negative
word=infringement priorpolarity=negative
word=infringements priorpolarity=negative
word=infringements priorpolarity=negative
word=infuriate priorpolarity=negative
word=infuriated priorpolarity=negative
word=infuriating priorpolarity=negative
word=infuriatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=ingenious priorpolarity=positive
word=ingeniously priorpolarity=positive
word=ingenuity priorpolarity=positive
word=ingenuous priorpolarity=positive
word=ingenuously priorpolarity=positive
word=inglorious priorpolarity=negative
word=ingrate priorpolarity=negative
word=ingratiate priorpolarity=positive
word=ingratiating priorpolarity=positive
word=ingratiatingly priorpolarity=positive
word=ingratitude priorpolarity=negative
word=inherent priorpolarity=neutral
word=inherent priorpolarity=neutral
word=inhibit priorpolarity=negative
word=inhibition priorpolarity=negative
word=inhospitable priorpolarity=negative
word=inhospitality priorpolarity=negative
word=inhuman priorpolarity=negative
word=inhumane priorpolarity=negative
word=inhumanity priorpolarity=negative
word=inimical priorpolarity=negative
word=inimically priorpolarity=negative
word=iniquitous priorpolarity=negative
word=iniquity priorpolarity=negative
word=injudicious priorpolarity=negative
word=injure priorpolarity=negative
word=injurious priorpolarity=negative
word=injury priorpolarity=negative
word=injustice priorpolarity=negative
word=injustice priorpolarity=negative
word=injustices priorpolarity=negative
word=injustices priorpolarity=negative
word=inkling priorpolarity=neutral
word=inklings priorpolarity=neutral
word=inklings priorpolarity=neutral
word=innocence priorpolarity=positive
word=innocence priorpolarity=positive
word=innocent priorpolarity=positive
word=innocently priorpolarity=positive
word=innocuous priorpolarity=positive
word=innocuous priorpolarity=positive
word=innovation priorpolarity=positive
word=innovation priorpolarity=positive
word=innovative priorpolarity=positive
word=innumerable priorpolarity=neutral
word=innumerably priorpolarity=neutral
word=innumerous priorpolarity=neutral
word=innuendo priorpolarity=negative
word=innuendo priorpolarity=negative
word=inoffensive priorpolarity=positive
word=inopportune priorpolarity=negative
word=inordinate priorpolarity=negative
word=inordinately priorpolarity=negative
word=inquisitive priorpolarity=positive
word=insane priorpolarity=negative
word=insanely priorpolarity=negative
word=insanity priorpolarity=negative
word=insatiable priorpolarity=negative
word=insecure priorpolarity=negative
word=insecurity priorpolarity=negative
word=insecurity priorpolarity=negative
word=insensible priorpolarity=negative
word=insensitive priorpolarity=negative
word=insensitively priorpolarity=negative
word=insensitivity priorpolarity=negative
word=insensitivity priorpolarity=negative
word=insidious priorpolarity=negative
word=insidiously priorpolarity=negative
word=insight priorpolarity=positive
word=insight priorpolarity=positive
word=insightful priorpolarity=positive
word=insightfully priorpolarity=positive
word=insights priorpolarity=neutral
word=insignificance priorpolarity=negative
word=insignificant priorpolarity=negative
word=insignificantly priorpolarity=negative
word=insincere priorpolarity=negative
word=insincerely priorpolarity=negative
word=insincerity priorpolarity=negative
word=insinuate priorpolarity=negative
word=insinuating priorpolarity=negative
word=insinuation priorpolarity=negative
word=insinuation priorpolarity=negative
word=insist priorpolarity=positive
word=insistence priorpolarity=positive
word=insistence priorpolarity=positive
word=insistent priorpolarity=positive
word=insistently priorpolarity=positive
word=insociable priorpolarity=negative
word=isolation priorpolarity=negative
word=insolence priorpolarity=negative
word=insolence priorpolarity=negative
word=insolent priorpolarity=negative
word=insolently priorpolarity=negative
word=insolvent priorpolarity=negative
word=insouciance priorpolarity=negative
word=inspiration priorpolarity=positive
word=inspirational priorpolarity=positive
word=inspire priorpolarity=positive
word=inspiring priorpolarity=positive
word=inspiring priorpolarity=positive
word=instability priorpolarity=negative
word=instable priorpolarity=negative
word=instigate priorpolarity=negative
word=instigator priorpolarity=negative
word=instigators priorpolarity=negative
word=instructive priorpolarity=positive
word=instrumental priorpolarity=positive
word=insubordinate priorpolarity=negative
word=insubstantial priorpolarity=negative
word=insubstantially priorpolarity=negative
word=insufferable priorpolarity=negative
word=insufferably priorpolarity=negative
word=insufficiency priorpolarity=negative
word=insufficient priorpolarity=negative
word=insufficiently priorpolarity=negative
word=insular priorpolarity=negative
word=insult priorpolarity=negative
word=insult priorpolarity=negative
word=insulted priorpolarity=negative
word=insulting priorpolarity=negative
word=insulting priorpolarity=negative
word=insultingly priorpolarity=negative
word=insupportable priorpolarity=negative
word=insupportably priorpolarity=negative
word=insurmountable priorpolarity=negative
word=insurmountably priorpolarity=negative
word=insurrection priorpolarity=negative
word=insurrection priorpolarity=negative
word=intact priorpolarity=positive
word=integral priorpolarity=positive
word=integrity priorpolarity=positive
word=intelligent priorpolarity=positive
word=intelligence priorpolarity=positive
word=intelligible priorpolarity=positive
word=intend priorpolarity=neutral
word=intense priorpolarity=neutral
word=intense priorpolarity=neutral
word=intensive priorpolarity=neutral
word=intensively priorpolarity=neutral
word=intent priorpolarity=neutral
word=intent priorpolarity=neutral
word=intention priorpolarity=neutral
word=intention priorpolarity=neutral
word=intentions priorpolarity=neutral
word=intentions priorpolarity=neutral
word=intents priorpolarity=neutral
word=intents priorpolarity=neutral
word=intercede priorpolarity=positive
word=interest priorpolarity=positive
word=interest priorpolarity=positive
word=interest priorpolarity=positive
word=interested priorpolarity=positive
word=interesting priorpolarity=positive
word=interests priorpolarity=positive
word=interests priorpolarity=positive
word=interfere priorpolarity=negative
word=interference priorpolarity=negative
word=interference priorpolarity=negative
word=intermittent priorpolarity=negative
word=interrupt priorpolarity=negative
word=interruption priorpolarity=negative
word=intimacy priorpolarity=positive
word=intimacy priorpolarity=positive
word=intimate priorpolarity=positive
word=intimate priorpolarity=neutral
word=intimidate priorpolarity=negative
word=intimidating priorpolarity=negative
word=intimidatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=intimidation priorpolarity=negative
word=intimidation priorpolarity=negative
word=intolerable priorpolarity=negative
word=intolerablely priorpolarity=negative
word=intolerance priorpolarity=negative
word=intolerance priorpolarity=negative
word=intolerant priorpolarity=negative
word=intoxicate priorpolarity=negative
word=intractable priorpolarity=negative
word=intransigence priorpolarity=negative
word=intransigence priorpolarity=negative
word=intransigent priorpolarity=negative
word=intricate priorpolarity=positive
word=intrigue priorpolarity=positive
word=intrigue priorpolarity=positive
word=intrigue priorpolarity=neutral
word=intriguing priorpolarity=positive
word=intriguing priorpolarity=positive
word=intriguingly priorpolarity=positive
word=intrude priorpolarity=negative
word=intrusion priorpolarity=negative
word=intrusive priorpolarity=negative
word=intuitive priorpolarity=positive
word=inundate priorpolarity=negative
word=inundated priorpolarity=negative
word=invader priorpolarity=negative
word=invader priorpolarity=negative
word=invalid priorpolarity=negative
word=invalidate priorpolarity=negative
word=invalidity priorpolarity=negative
word=invaluable priorpolarity=positive
word=invaluablely priorpolarity=positive
word=invasive priorpolarity=negative
word=invective priorpolarity=negative
word=inveigle priorpolarity=negative
word=inventive priorpolarity=positive
word=invidious priorpolarity=negative
word=invidiously priorpolarity=negative
word=invidiousness priorpolarity=negative
word=invigorate priorpolarity=positive
word=invigorating priorpolarity=positive
word=invincibility priorpolarity=positive
word=invincible priorpolarity=positive
word=inviolable priorpolarity=positive
word=inviolate priorpolarity=positive
word=invisible priorpolarity=neutral
word=invulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word=involuntarily priorpolarity=negative
word=involuntary priorpolarity=negative
word=irate priorpolarity=negative
word=irately priorpolarity=negative
word=ire priorpolarity=negative
word=irk priorpolarity=negative
word=irksome priorpolarity=negative
word=ironic priorpolarity=negative
word=ironies priorpolarity=negative
word=ironies priorpolarity=negative
word=irony priorpolarity=negative
word=irrational priorpolarity=negative
word=irrationality priorpolarity=negative
word=irrationally priorpolarity=negative
word=irreconcilable priorpolarity=negative
word=irredeemable priorpolarity=negative
word=irredeemably priorpolarity=negative
word=irreformable priorpolarity=negative
word=irrefutable priorpolarity=positive
word=irrefutably priorpolarity=positive
word=irregardless priorpolarity=neutral
word=irregular priorpolarity=negative
word=irregularity priorpolarity=negative
word=irrelevance priorpolarity=negative
word=irrelevant priorpolarity=negative
word=irreparable priorpolarity=negative
word=irreplacible priorpolarity=negative
word=irrepressible priorpolarity=negative
word=irreproachable priorpolarity=positive
word=irresistible priorpolarity=positive
word=irresistibly priorpolarity=positive
word=irresolute priorpolarity=negative
word=irresolvable priorpolarity=negative
word=irresponsible priorpolarity=negative
word=irresponsibly priorpolarity=negative
word=irretrievable priorpolarity=negative
word=irreverence priorpolarity=negative
word=irreverent priorpolarity=negative
word=irreverently priorpolarity=negative
word=irreversible priorpolarity=negative
word=irreversible priorpolarity=negative
word=irritable priorpolarity=negative
word=irritably priorpolarity=negative
word=irritant priorpolarity=negative
word=irritate priorpolarity=negative
word=irritated priorpolarity=negative
word=irritating priorpolarity=negative
word=irritation priorpolarity=negative
word=irritation priorpolarity=negative
word=isolate priorpolarity=negative
word=isolated priorpolarity=negative
word=isolation priorpolarity=negative
word=itch priorpolarity=negative
word=jabber priorpolarity=negative
word=jaded priorpolarity=negative
word=jam priorpolarity=negative
word=jar priorpolarity=negative
word=jaundiced priorpolarity=negative
word=jauntily priorpolarity=positive
word=jaunty priorpolarity=positive
word=jealous priorpolarity=negative
word=jealously priorpolarity=negative
word=jealousness priorpolarity=negative
word=jealousy priorpolarity=negative
word=jeer priorpolarity=negative
word=jeer priorpolarity=negative
word=jeering priorpolarity=negative
word=jeeringly priorpolarity=negative
word=jeers priorpolarity=negative
word=jeopardize priorpolarity=negative
word=jeopardy priorpolarity=negative
word=jerk priorpolarity=negative
word=jest priorpolarity=positive
word=jittery priorpolarity=negative
word=jobless priorpolarity=negative
word=joke priorpolarity=positive
word=joke priorpolarity=positive
word=joker priorpolarity=negative
word=jollify priorpolarity=positive
word=jolly priorpolarity=positive
word=jolt priorpolarity=negative
word=jovial priorpolarity=positive
word=joy priorpolarity=positive
word=joyful priorpolarity=positive
word=joyfully priorpolarity=positive
word=joyless priorpolarity=positive
word=joyous priorpolarity=positive
word=joyously priorpolarity=positive
word=jubilant priorpolarity=positive
word=jubilantly priorpolarity=positive
word=jubilate priorpolarity=positive
word=jubilation priorpolarity=positive
word=jubilation priorpolarity=positive
word=judgement priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgement priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgements priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgements priorpolarity=neutral
word=judicious priorpolarity=positive
word=judgment priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgment priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgments priorpolarity=neutral
word=judgments priorpolarity=neutral
word=jumpy priorpolarity=negative
word=junk priorpolarity=negative
word=junky priorpolarity=negative
word=just priorpolarity=positive
word=just priorpolarity=positive
word=just priorpolarity=positive
word=justice priorpolarity=positive
word=justice priorpolarity=positive
word=justifiable priorpolarity=positive
word=justifiably priorpolarity=positive
word=justification priorpolarity=positive
word=justify priorpolarity=positive
word=justly priorpolarity=positive
word=juvenile priorpolarity=negative
word=kaput priorpolarity=negative
word=keen priorpolarity=positive
word=keen priorpolarity=negative
word=keen priorpolarity=negative
word=keenly priorpolarity=positive
word=keenness priorpolarity=positive
word=keenness priorpolarity=positive
word=kemp priorpolarity=positive
word=key priorpolarity=neutral
word=kick priorpolarity=negative
word=kick priorpolarity=negative
word=kid priorpolarity=positive
word=kill priorpolarity=negative
word=killer priorpolarity=negative
word=killer priorpolarity=negative
word=killjoy priorpolarity=negative
word=kind priorpolarity=positive
word=kindly priorpolarity=positive
word=kindliness priorpolarity=positive
word=kindness priorpolarity=positive
word=kingmaker priorpolarity=positive
word=kiss priorpolarity=positive
word=kiss priorpolarity=positive
word=knave priorpolarity=negative
word=knife priorpolarity=negative
word=knock priorpolarity=negative
word=knock priorpolarity=negative
word=knew priorpolarity=neutral
word=know priorpolarity=neutral
word=knowing priorpolarity=neutral
word=knowingly priorpolarity=neutral
word=knowledge priorpolarity=neutral
word=knowledgeable priorpolarity=positive
word=kook priorpolarity=negative
word=kooky priorpolarity=negative
word=lack priorpolarity=negative
word=lack priorpolarity=negative
word=lackadaisical priorpolarity=negative
word=lackey priorpolarity=negative
word=lackeys priorpolarity=negative
word=lackeys priorpolarity=negative
word=lacking priorpolarity=negative
word=lackluster priorpolarity=negative
word=laconic priorpolarity=negative
word=lag priorpolarity=negative
word=lambast priorpolarity=negative
word=lambaste priorpolarity=negative
word=lame priorpolarity=negative
word=lame-duck priorpolarity=negative
word=lament priorpolarity=negative
word=lamentable priorpolarity=negative
word=lamentably priorpolarity=negative
word=languid priorpolarity=negative
word=languish priorpolarity=negative
word=lanky priorpolarity=negative
word=languor priorpolarity=negative
word=languorous priorpolarity=negative
word=languorously priorpolarity=negative
word=large priorpolarity=neutral
word=large-scale priorpolarity=neutral
word=lapse priorpolarity=negative
word=large priorpolarity=positive
word=large priorpolarity=positive
word=largely priorpolarity=neutral
word=lark priorpolarity=positive
word=lascivious priorpolarity=negative
word=last-ditch priorpolarity=negative
word=last-ditch priorpolarity=negative
word=lastly priorpolarity=neutral
word=laud priorpolarity=positive
word=laudable priorpolarity=positive
word=laudably priorpolarity=positive
word=laugh priorpolarity=negative
word=laugh priorpolarity=negative
word=laughable priorpolarity=negative
word=laughably priorpolarity=negative
word=laughingstock priorpolarity=negative
word=laughter priorpolarity=negative
word=lavish priorpolarity=positive
word=lavish priorpolarity=positive
word=lavishly priorpolarity=positive
word=law-abiding priorpolarity=positive
word=lawbreaker priorpolarity=negative
word=lawbreaking priorpolarity=negative
word=lawful priorpolarity=positive
word=lawfully priorpolarity=positive
word=lawless priorpolarity=negative
word=lawlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=lawlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=lax priorpolarity=negative
word=lax priorpolarity=negative
word=lazy priorpolarity=negative
word=leading priorpolarity=positive
word=leak priorpolarity=negative
word=leakage priorpolarity=negative
word=leaky priorpolarity=negative
word=lean priorpolarity=positive
word=lean priorpolarity=positive
word=learn priorpolarity=neutral
word=learning priorpolarity=positive
word=learned priorpolarity=positive
word=least priorpolarity=negative
word=lech priorpolarity=negative
word=lecher priorpolarity=negative
word=lecher priorpolarity=negative
word=lecherous priorpolarity=negative
word=lechery priorpolarity=negative
word=lecture priorpolarity=negative
word=lecture priorpolarity=negative
word=leech priorpolarity=negative
word=leech priorpolarity=negative
word=leech priorpolarity=negative
word=leer priorpolarity=negative
word=leer priorpolarity=negative
word=leery priorpolarity=negative
word=left-leaning priorpolarity=negative
word=legacy priorpolarity=neutral
word=legacies priorpolarity=neutral
word=legacies priorpolarity=neutral
word=legalistic priorpolarity=neutral
word=legalistic priorpolarity=neutral
word=legendary priorpolarity=positive
word=legitimacy priorpolarity=positive
word=legitimate priorpolarity=positive
word=legitimately priorpolarity=positive
word=lenient priorpolarity=positive
word=leniently priorpolarity=positive
word=less priorpolarity=negative
word=less-developed priorpolarity=negative
word=less-expensive priorpolarity=positive
word=lessen priorpolarity=negative
word=lesser priorpolarity=negative
word=lesser-known priorpolarity=negative
word=letch priorpolarity=negative
word=lethal priorpolarity=negative
word=lethargic priorpolarity=negative
word=lethargy priorpolarity=negative
word=leverage priorpolarity=positive
word=leverage priorpolarity=positive
word=levity priorpolarity=positive
word=lewd priorpolarity=negative
word=lewdly priorpolarity=negative
word=lewdness priorpolarity=negative
word=liable priorpolarity=negative
word=liability priorpolarity=negative
word=liability priorpolarity=negative
word=liar priorpolarity=negative
word=liar priorpolarity=negative
word=liars priorpolarity=negative
word=liars priorpolarity=negative
word=liberal priorpolarity=positive
word=liberation priorpolarity=positive
word=liberation priorpolarity=positive
word=liberalism priorpolarity=positive
word=liberally priorpolarity=positive
word=liberate priorpolarity=positive
word=liberty priorpolarity=positive
word=licentious priorpolarity=negative
word=licentiously priorpolarity=negative
word=licentiousness priorpolarity=negative
word=lie priorpolarity=negative
word=lie priorpolarity=negative
word=lie priorpolarity=negative
word=lier priorpolarity=negative
word=lies priorpolarity=negative
word=lies priorpolarity=negative
word=life-threatening priorpolarity=negative
word=lifeblood priorpolarity=positive
word=lifeless priorpolarity=negative
word=lifelong priorpolarity=positive
word=light priorpolarity=positive
word=light priorpolarity=positive
word=light-hearted priorpolarity=positive
word=lighten priorpolarity=positive
word=likable priorpolarity=positive
word=like priorpolarity=positive
word=likelihood priorpolarity=neutral
word=likelihood priorpolarity=neutral
word=likely priorpolarity=neutral
word=liking priorpolarity=positive
word=likewise priorpolarity=neutral
word=limit priorpolarity=negative
word=limit priorpolarity=negative
word=limitation priorpolarity=negative
word=limited priorpolarity=negative
word=limitless priorpolarity=neutral
word=limitless priorpolarity=neutral
word=limp priorpolarity=negative
word=lionhearted priorpolarity=positive
word=listless priorpolarity=negative
word=literate priorpolarity=positive
word=litigious priorpolarity=negative
word=little priorpolarity=negative
word=little-known priorpolarity=negative
word=live priorpolarity=positive
word=lively priorpolarity=positive
word=livid priorpolarity=negative
word=lividly priorpolarity=negative
word=loath priorpolarity=negative
word=loathe priorpolarity=negative
word=loathe priorpolarity=negative
word=loathing priorpolarity=negative
word=loathly priorpolarity=negative
word=loathsome priorpolarity=negative
word=loathsomely priorpolarity=negative
word=lofty priorpolarity=positive
word=logical priorpolarity=positive
word=lone priorpolarity=negative
word=lone priorpolarity=negative
word=loneliness priorpolarity=negative
word=lonely priorpolarity=negative
word=lonesome priorpolarity=negative
word=long priorpolarity=negative
word=longing priorpolarity=negative
word=longingly priorpolarity=negative
word=look priorpolarity=neutral
word=looking priorpolarity=neutral
word=loophole priorpolarity=negative
word=loopholes priorpolarity=negative
word=loopholes priorpolarity=negative
word=loot priorpolarity=negative
word=lorn priorpolarity=negative
word=losing priorpolarity=negative
word=losing priorpolarity=negative
word=lose priorpolarity=negative
word=loser priorpolarity=negative
word=loss priorpolarity=negative
word=lost priorpolarity=negative
word=lousy priorpolarity=negative
word=lovable priorpolarity=positive
word=lovably priorpolarity=positive
word=love priorpolarity=positive
word=love priorpolarity=positive
word=loveless priorpolarity=negative
word=loveliness priorpolarity=positive
word=lovelorn priorpolarity=negative
word=lover priorpolarity=positive
word=lovely priorpolarity=positive
word=lovely priorpolarity=positive
word=low priorpolarity=negative
word=low-cost priorpolarity=positive
word=low-rated priorpolarity=negative
word=low-risk priorpolarity=positive
word=lower-priced priorpolarity=positive
word=lowly priorpolarity=negative
word=loyal priorpolarity=positive
word=loyalty priorpolarity=positive
word=loyalty priorpolarity=positive
word=lucid priorpolarity=positive
word=lucidly priorpolarity=positive
word=luck priorpolarity=positive
word=luckier priorpolarity=positive
word=luckier priorpolarity=positive
word=luckiest priorpolarity=positive
word=luckily priorpolarity=positive
word=luckiness priorpolarity=positive
word=lucky priorpolarity=positive
word=lucky priorpolarity=positive
word=lucrative priorpolarity=positive
word=lucrative priorpolarity=positive
word=ludicrous priorpolarity=negative
word=ludicrously priorpolarity=negative
word=lugubrious pos1=adj stemmed1=1 priorpolarity=negative
word=lukewarm priorpolarity=negative
word=lull priorpolarity=negative
word=luminous priorpolarity=positive
word=lunatic priorpolarity=negative
word=lunatic priorpolarity=negative
word=lunaticism priorpolarity=negative
word=lurch priorpolarity=negative
word=lure priorpolarity=negative
word=lurid priorpolarity=negative
word=lurk priorpolarity=negative
word=lurking priorpolarity=negative
word=lush priorpolarity=positive
word=lust priorpolarity=both
word=lure priorpolarity=negative
word=luster priorpolarity=positive
word=lustrous priorpolarity=positive
word=luxuriant priorpolarity=positive
word=luxuriate priorpolarity=positive
word=luxurious priorpolarity=positive
word=luxuriously priorpolarity=positive
word=luxury priorpolarity=positive
word=luxury priorpolarity=positive
word=lying priorpolarity=negative
word=lyrical priorpolarity=positive
word=macabre priorpolarity=negative
word=mad priorpolarity=negative
word=madden priorpolarity=negative
word=maddening priorpolarity=negative
word=maddeningly priorpolarity=negative
word=madder priorpolarity=negative
word=madder priorpolarity=negative
word=madly priorpolarity=negative
word=madman priorpolarity=negative
word=madness priorpolarity=negative
word=magic priorpolarity=positive
word=magical priorpolarity=positive
word=magnanimous priorpolarity=positive
word=magnanimously priorpolarity=positive
word=magnetic priorpolarity=positive
word=magnificence priorpolarity=positive
word=magnificent priorpolarity=positive
word=magnificent priorpolarity=positive
word=magnificently priorpolarity=positive
word=magnify priorpolarity=positive
word=majestic priorpolarity=positive
word=majesty priorpolarity=positive
word=major priorpolarity=neutral
word=maladjusted priorpolarity=negative
word=maladjustment priorpolarity=negative
word=malady priorpolarity=negative
word=malaise priorpolarity=negative
word=malcontent priorpolarity=negative
word=malcontent priorpolarity=negative
word=malcontented priorpolarity=negative
word=maledict priorpolarity=negative
word=maledict priorpolarity=negative
word=malevolence priorpolarity=negative
word=malevolent priorpolarity=negative
word=malevolently priorpolarity=negative
word=malice priorpolarity=negative
word=malicious priorpolarity=negative
word=maliciously priorpolarity=negative
word=maliciousness priorpolarity=negative
word=malign priorpolarity=negative
word=malign priorpolarity=negative
word=malignant priorpolarity=negative
word=malodorous priorpolarity=negative
word=maltreatment priorpolarity=negative
word=maltreatment priorpolarity=negative
word=manageable priorpolarity=positive
word=maneuver priorpolarity=negative
word=maneuver priorpolarity=negative
word=mangle priorpolarity=negative
word=mania priorpolarity=negative
word=maniac priorpolarity=negative
word=maniacal priorpolarity=negative
word=manic priorpolarity=negative
word=manifest priorpolarity=positive
word=manipulate priorpolarity=negative
word=manipulation priorpolarity=negative
word=manipulation priorpolarity=negative
word=manipulative priorpolarity=negative
word=manipulators priorpolarity=negative
word=manipulators priorpolarity=negative
word=manly priorpolarity=positive
word=mannerly priorpolarity=positive
word=mantra priorpolarity=neutral
word=mantra priorpolarity=neutral
word=mar priorpolarity=negative
word=mar priorpolarity=negative
word=marginal priorpolarity=negative
word=marginally priorpolarity=negative
word=martyrdom priorpolarity=negative
word=martyrdom-seeking priorpolarity=negative
word=marvel priorpolarity=positive
word=marvel priorpolarity=positive
word=marvellous priorpolarity=positive
word=marvelous priorpolarity=positive
word=marvelous priorpolarity=positive
word=marvelously priorpolarity=positive
word=marvelousness priorpolarity=positive
word=marvels priorpolarity=positive
word=massacre priorpolarity=negative
word=massacre priorpolarity=negative
word=massacres priorpolarity=negative
word=massive priorpolarity=neutral
word=master priorpolarity=positive
word=master priorpolarity=positive
word=masterful priorpolarity=positive
word=masterfully priorpolarity=positive
word=masterpiece priorpolarity=positive
word=masterpieces priorpolarity=positive
word=masters priorpolarity=positive
word=masters priorpolarity=positive
word=mastery priorpolarity=positive
word=matchless priorpolarity=positive
word=matter priorpolarity=neutral
word=mature priorpolarity=positive
word=maturely priorpolarity=positive
word=maturity priorpolarity=positive
word=maverick priorpolarity=negative
word=mawkish priorpolarity=negative
word=mawkishly priorpolarity=negative
word=mawkishness priorpolarity=negative
word=maxi-devaluation priorpolarity=negative
word=maxi-devaluation priorpolarity=negative
word=maximize priorpolarity=positive
word=maybe priorpolarity=neutral
word=meager priorpolarity=negative
word=mean priorpolarity=negative
word=mean priorpolarity=neutral
word=meaningful priorpolarity=positive
word=meaningless priorpolarity=negative
word=meanness priorpolarity=negative
word=meddle priorpolarity=negative
word=meddlesome priorpolarity=negative
word=mediocre priorpolarity=negative
word=mediocrity priorpolarity=negative
word=meek priorpolarity=positive
word=melancholy priorpolarity=negative
word=mellow priorpolarity=positive
word=melodramatic priorpolarity=negative
word=melodramatically priorpolarity=negative
word=memorable priorpolarity=positive
word=memorialize priorpolarity=positive
word=memories priorpolarity=neutral
word=memories priorpolarity=neutral
word=menace priorpolarity=negative
word=menace priorpolarity=negative
word=menacing priorpolarity=negative
word=menacingly priorpolarity=negative
word=mend priorpolarity=positive
word=mendacious priorpolarity=negative
word=mendacity priorpolarity=negative
word=menial priorpolarity=negative
word=mentality priorpolarity=neutral
word=mentor priorpolarity=positive
word=merciful priorpolarity=positive
word=mercifully priorpolarity=positive
word=merciless priorpolarity=negative
word=mercilessly priorpolarity=negative
word=mercy priorpolarity=positive
word=mercy priorpolarity=positive
word=mere priorpolarity=negative
word=mere priorpolarity=negative
word=merely priorpolarity=negative
word=merit priorpolarity=positive
word=merit priorpolarity=positive
word=meritorious priorpolarity=positive
word=merrily priorpolarity=positive
word=merriment priorpolarity=positive
word=merriness priorpolarity=positive
word=merry priorpolarity=positive
word=mesmerize priorpolarity=positive
word=mesmerizing priorpolarity=positive
word=mesmerizing priorpolarity=positive
word=mesmerizingly priorpolarity=positive
word=mess priorpolarity=negative
word=mess priorpolarity=negative
word=messy priorpolarity=negative
word=metaphorize priorpolarity=neutral
word=meticulous priorpolarity=positive
word=meticulously priorpolarity=positive
word=midget priorpolarity=negative
word=midget priorpolarity=negative
word=miff priorpolarity=negative
word=might priorpolarity=neutral
word=might priorpolarity=positive
word=mightily priorpolarity=positive
word=mighty priorpolarity=positive
word=mild priorpolarity=positive
word=militancy priorpolarity=negative
word=militancy priorpolarity=negative
word=mind priorpolarity=negative
word=mindful priorpolarity=positive
word=mindless priorpolarity=negative
word=mindlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=minister priorpolarity=positive
word=minor priorpolarity=neutral
word=miracle priorpolarity=positive
word=miracles priorpolarity=positive
word=miraculous priorpolarity=positive
word=miraculously priorpolarity=positive
word=miraculousness priorpolarity=positive
word=mirage priorpolarity=negative
word=mirage priorpolarity=negative
word=mire priorpolarity=negative
word=mire priorpolarity=negative
word=mirth priorpolarity=positive
word=misapprehend priorpolarity=negative
word=misbecoming priorpolarity=negative
word=misbecome priorpolarity=negative
word=misbegotten priorpolarity=negative
word=misbehave priorpolarity=negative
word=misbehavior priorpolarity=negative
word=miscalculate priorpolarity=negative
word=miscalculation priorpolarity=negative
word=miscalculation priorpolarity=negative
word=mischief priorpolarity=negative
word=mischief priorpolarity=negative
word=mischievous priorpolarity=negative
word=mischievously priorpolarity=negative
word=misconception priorpolarity=negative
word=misconceptions priorpolarity=negative
word=misconceptions priorpolarity=negative
word=miscreant priorpolarity=negative
word=miscreants priorpolarity=negative
word=misdirection priorpolarity=negative
word=miser priorpolarity=negative
word=miserly priorpolarity=negative
word=miserable priorpolarity=negative
word=miserableness priorpolarity=negative
word=miserably priorpolarity=negative
word=miseries priorpolarity=negative
word=misery priorpolarity=negative
word=misery priorpolarity=negative
word=misfit priorpolarity=negative
word=misfortune priorpolarity=negative
word=misgiving priorpolarity=negative
word=misgivings priorpolarity=negative
word=misguidance priorpolarity=negative
word=misguide priorpolarity=negative
word=misguided priorpolarity=negative
word=mishandle priorpolarity=negative
word=mishap priorpolarity=negative
word=misinform priorpolarity=negative
word=misinformed priorpolarity=negative
word=misinterpret priorpolarity=negative
word=misjudge priorpolarity=negative
word=misjudgment priorpolarity=negative
word=mislead priorpolarity=negative
word=mislead priorpolarity=negative
word=misleading priorpolarity=negative
word=misleadingly priorpolarity=negative
word=mislike priorpolarity=negative
word=mismanage priorpolarity=negative
word=misread priorpolarity=negative
word=misreading priorpolarity=negative
word=misreading priorpolarity=negative
word=misrepresent priorpolarity=negative
word=misrepresentation priorpolarity=negative
word=miss priorpolarity=negative
word=misstatement priorpolarity=negative
word=mistake priorpolarity=negative
word=mistake priorpolarity=negative
word=mistaken priorpolarity=negative
word=mistakenly priorpolarity=negative
word=mistakes priorpolarity=negative
word=mistakes priorpolarity=negative
word=mistrust priorpolarity=negative
word=mistrust priorpolarity=negative
word=mistrustful priorpolarity=negative
word=mistrustfully priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstand priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstood priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstanding priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstandings priorpolarity=negative
word=misunderstandings priorpolarity=negative
word=misuse priorpolarity=negative
word=mm priorpolarity=neutral
word=moan priorpolarity=negative
word=mock priorpolarity=negative
word=mock priorpolarity=negative
word=mockeries priorpolarity=negative
word=mockery priorpolarity=negative
word=mocking priorpolarity=negative
word=mockingly priorpolarity=negative
word=moderate priorpolarity=positive
word=moderation priorpolarity=positive
word=moderation priorpolarity=positive
word=modern priorpolarity=positive
word=modest priorpolarity=positive
word=modesty priorpolarity=positive
word=molest priorpolarity=negative
word=molestation priorpolarity=negative
word=mollify priorpolarity=positive
word=momentous priorpolarity=positive
word=monotonous priorpolarity=negative
word=monotony priorpolarity=negative
word=monster priorpolarity=negative
word=monstrosities priorpolarity=negative
word=monstrosity priorpolarity=negative
word=monstrous priorpolarity=negative
word=monstrously priorpolarity=negative
word=monumental priorpolarity=positive
word=monumentally priorpolarity=positive
word=moody priorpolarity=negative
word=moon priorpolarity=negative
word=moot priorpolarity=negative
word=mope priorpolarity=negative
word=moral priorpolarity=positive
word=moral priorpolarity=positive
word=morality priorpolarity=positive
word=moralize priorpolarity=positive
word=morbid priorpolarity=negative
word=morbidly priorpolarity=negative
word=mordant priorpolarity=negative
word=mordantly priorpolarity=negative
word=moreover priorpolarity=neutral
word=moribund priorpolarity=negative
word=mortification priorpolarity=negative
word=mortified priorpolarity=negative
word=mortify priorpolarity=negative
word=mortifying priorpolarity=negative
word=mortifying priorpolarity=negative
word=most priorpolarity=neutral
word=mostly priorpolarity=neutral
word=motionless priorpolarity=negative
word=motivate priorpolarity=positive
word=motivated priorpolarity=positive
word=motivation priorpolarity=positive
word=motivation priorpolarity=positive
word=motive priorpolarity=neutral
word=motive priorpolarity=neutral
word=motley priorpolarity=negative
word=mourn priorpolarity=negative
word=mourner priorpolarity=negative
word=mournful priorpolarity=negative
word=mournfully priorpolarity=negative
word=move priorpolarity=neutral
word=moving priorpolarity=positive
word=much priorpolarity=neutral
word=muddle priorpolarity=negative
word=muddy priorpolarity=negative
word=mudslinger priorpolarity=negative
word=mudslinging priorpolarity=negative
word=mulish priorpolarity=negative
word=multi-polarization priorpolarity=negative
word=multi-polarization priorpolarity=negative
word=mum priorpolarity=neutral
word=mundane priorpolarity=negative
word=murder priorpolarity=negative
word=murder priorpolarity=negative
word=murderous priorpolarity=negative
word=murderously priorpolarity=negative
word=murky priorpolarity=negative
word=muscle-flexing priorpolarity=negative
word=must priorpolarity=neutral
word=myriad priorpolarity=positive
word=mysterious priorpolarity=negative
word=mysteriously priorpolarity=negative
word=mystery priorpolarity=negative
word=mystify priorpolarity=negative
word=mistified priorpolarity=negative
word=myth priorpolarity=negative
word=myth priorpolarity=negative
word=nag priorpolarity=negative
word=nagging priorpolarity=negative
word=naive priorpolarity=negative
word=naively priorpolarity=negative
word=nap priorpolarity=neutral
word=nap priorpolarity=neutral
word=narrow priorpolarity=negative
word=narrower priorpolarity=negative
word=narrower priorpolarity=negative
word=nascent priorpolarity=neutral
word=nastily priorpolarity=negative
word=nastiness priorpolarity=negative
word=nasty priorpolarity=negative
word=nationalism priorpolarity=negative
word=nationalism priorpolarity=negative
word=natural priorpolarity=positive
word=naturally priorpolarity=positive
word=nature priorpolarity=neutral
word=nature priorpolarity=neutral
word=naughty priorpolarity=negative
word=nauseate priorpolarity=negative
word=nauseating priorpolarity=negative
word=nauseatingly priorpolarity=negative
word=navigable priorpolarity=positive
word=neat priorpolarity=positive
word=neatly priorpolarity=positive
word=nebulous priorpolarity=negative
word=nebulous priorpolarity=negative
word=nebulously priorpolarity=negative
word=necessarily priorpolarity=positive
word=necessary priorpolarity=positive
word=need priorpolarity=negative
word=need priorpolarity=negative
word=need priorpolarity=neutral
word=needful priorpolarity=neutral
word=needful priorpolarity=neutral
word=needfully priorpolarity=neutral
word=needless priorpolarity=negative
word=needlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=needs priorpolarity=neutral
word=needs priorpolarity=neutral
word=needy priorpolarity=negative
word=nefarious priorpolarity=negative
word=nefariously priorpolarity=negative
word=negate priorpolarity=negative
word=negation priorpolarity=negative
word=negative priorpolarity=negative
word=neglect priorpolarity=negative
word=neglect priorpolarity=negative
word=neglected priorpolarity=negative
word=negligent priorpolarity=negative
word=negligence priorpolarity=negative
word=negligible priorpolarity=negative
word=nemesis priorpolarity=negative
word=nettle priorpolarity=negative
word=nettlesome priorpolarity=negative
word=nevertheless priorpolarity=neutral
word=nervous priorpolarity=negative
word=nervously priorpolarity=negative
word=nervousness priorpolarity=negative
word=neurotic priorpolarity=negative
word=neurotically priorpolarity=negative
word=neutralize priorpolarity=positive
word=nice priorpolarity=positive
word=nicely priorpolarity=positive
word=nifty priorpolarity=positive
word=niggle priorpolarity=negative
word=nightmare priorpolarity=negative
word=nightmarish priorpolarity=negative
word=nightmarishly priorpolarity=negative
word=nimble priorpolarity=positive
word=nix priorpolarity=negative
word=noble priorpolarity=positive
word=nobly priorpolarity=positive
word=noisy priorpolarity=negative
word=non-confidence priorpolarity=negative
word=non-confidence priorpolarity=negative
word=non-violence priorpolarity=positive
word=non-violent priorpolarity=positive
word=nonexistent priorpolarity=negative
word=nonsense priorpolarity=negative
word=nonviolent priorpolarity=neutral
word=normal priorpolarity=positive
word=nosey priorpolarity=negative
word=notable priorpolarity=positive
word=notable priorpolarity=positive
word=notably priorpolarity=positive
word=noteworthy priorpolarity=positive
word=noteworthy priorpolarity=positive
word=noticeable priorpolarity=positive
word=notion priorpolarity=neutral
word=notion priorpolarity=neutral
word=notorious priorpolarity=negative
word=notoriously priorpolarity=negative
word=novel priorpolarity=positive
word=nourish priorpolarity=positive
word=nourishing priorpolarity=positive
word=nourishment priorpolarity=positive
word=nuance priorpolarity=neutral
word=nuance priorpolarity=neutral
word=nuances priorpolarity=neutral
word=nuances priorpolarity=neutral
word=nuisance priorpolarity=negative
word=nuisance priorpolarity=negative
word=numb priorpolarity=negative
word=nurture priorpolarity=positive
word=nurturing priorpolarity=positive
word=nurturing priorpolarity=positive
word=oasis priorpolarity=positive
word=obedience priorpolarity=positive
word=obedient priorpolarity=positive
word=obediently priorpolarity=positive
word=obey priorpolarity=positive
word=obese priorpolarity=negative
word=obese priorpolarity=negative
word=object priorpolarity=negative
word=objection priorpolarity=negative
word=objection priorpolarity=negative
word=objectionable priorpolarity=negative
word=objections priorpolarity=negative
word=objections priorpolarity=negative
word=objective priorpolarity=positive
word=objectively priorpolarity=positive
word=obligation priorpolarity=neutral
word=obligation priorpolarity=neutral
word=obliged priorpolarity=positive
word=oblique priorpolarity=negative
word=obliterate priorpolarity=negative
word=obliterated priorpolarity=negative
word=oblivious priorpolarity=negative
word=oblivious priorpolarity=negative
word=obnoxious priorpolarity=negative
word=obnoxiously priorpolarity=negative
word=obscene priorpolarity=negative
word=obscenely priorpolarity=negative
word=obscenity priorpolarity=negative
word=obscure priorpolarity=negative
word=obscure priorpolarity=negative
word=obscurity priorpolarity=negative
word=obsess priorpolarity=negative
word=obsession priorpolarity=negative
word=obsessions priorpolarity=negative
word=obsessive priorpolarity=negative
word=obsessively priorpolarity=negative
word=obsessiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=obsolete priorpolarity=negative
word=obstacle priorpolarity=negative
word=obstacle priorpolarity=negative
word=obstinate priorpolarity=negative
word=obstinately priorpolarity=negative
word=obstruct priorpolarity=negative
word=obstruction priorpolarity=negative
word=obtrusive priorpolarity=negative
word=obtuse priorpolarity=negative
word=obviate priorpolarity=positive
word=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word=obvious priorpolarity=neutral
word=obviously priorpolarity=negative
word=odd priorpolarity=negative
word=odd priorpolarity=negative
word=odder priorpolarity=negative
word=oddest priorpolarity=negative
word=oddities priorpolarity=negative
word=oddities priorpolarity=negative
word=oddity priorpolarity=negative
word=oddly priorpolarity=negative
word=offbeat priorpolarity=positive
word=offence priorpolarity=negative
word=offence priorpolarity=negative
word=offend priorpolarity=negative
word=offend priorpolarity=negative
word=offending priorpolarity=negative
word=offenses priorpolarity=negative
word=offenses priorpolarity=negative
word=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word=offensive priorpolarity=negative
word=offensively priorpolarity=negative
word=offensiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=officious priorpolarity=negative
word=offset priorpolarity=positive
word=oh priorpolarity=neutral
word=okay priorpolarity=positive
word=okay priorpolarity=positive
word=olympic priorpolarity=neutral
word=ominous priorpolarity=negative
word=ominously priorpolarity=negative
word=omission priorpolarity=negative
word=omit priorpolarity=negative
word=one-side priorpolarity=negative
word=one-sided priorpolarity=negative
word=onerous priorpolarity=negative
word=onerously priorpolarity=negative
word=onslaught priorpolarity=negative
word=onslaught priorpolarity=negative
word=onward priorpolarity=positive
word=onward priorpolarity=positive
word=open priorpolarity=positive
word=openly priorpolarity=positive
word=open-ended priorpolarity=neutral
word=openness priorpolarity=positive
word=openness priorpolarity=positive
word=opinion priorpolarity=neutral
word=opinion priorpolarity=neutral
word=opinionated priorpolarity=negative
word=opinions priorpolarity=neutral
word=opinions priorpolarity=neutral
word=opponent priorpolarity=negative
word=opportune priorpolarity=positive
word=opportunity priorpolarity=positive
word=opportunistic priorpolarity=negative
word=oppose priorpolarity=negative
word=opposition priorpolarity=negative
word=opposition priorpolarity=negative
word=oppositions priorpolarity=negative
word=oppositions priorpolarity=negative
word=oppress priorpolarity=negative
word=oppression priorpolarity=negative
word=oppression priorpolarity=negative
word=oppressive priorpolarity=negative
word=oppressively priorpolarity=negative
word=oppressiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=oppressors priorpolarity=negative
word=oppressors priorpolarity=negative
word=optimal priorpolarity=positive
word=optimism priorpolarity=positive
word=optimistic priorpolarity=positive
word=opulent priorpolarity=positive
word=ordeal priorpolarity=negative
word=orderly priorpolarity=positive
word=original priorpolarity=positive
word=originality priorpolarity=positive
word=orphan priorpolarity=negative
word=orthodoxy priorpolarity=neutral
word=ostracize priorpolarity=negative
word=ought priorpolarity=neutral
word=outbreak priorpolarity=negative
word=outburst priorpolarity=negative
word=outburst priorpolarity=negative
word=outbursts priorpolarity=negative
word=outbursts priorpolarity=negative
word=outcast priorpolarity=negative
word=outcry priorpolarity=negative
word=outdated priorpolarity=negative
word=outdo priorpolarity=positive
word=outgoing priorpolarity=positive
word=outlaw priorpolarity=negative
word=outlook priorpolarity=neutral
word=outlook priorpolarity=neutral
word=outmoded priorpolarity=negative
word=outrage priorpolarity=negative
word=outrage priorpolarity=negative
word=outraged priorpolarity=negative
word=outrageous priorpolarity=negative
word=outrageous priorpolarity=negative
word=outrageously priorpolarity=negative
word=outrageousness priorpolarity=negative
word=outrages priorpolarity=negative
word=outright priorpolarity=neutral
word=outshine priorpolarity=positive
word=outsider priorpolarity=negative
word=outsmart priorpolarity=positive
word=outspoken priorpolarity=neutral
word=outspoken priorpolarity=neutral
word=outstanding priorpolarity=positive
word=outstandingly priorpolarity=positive
word=outstrip priorpolarity=positive
word=outwit priorpolarity=positive
word=ovation priorpolarity=positive
word=ovation priorpolarity=positive
word=over-acted priorpolarity=negative
word=over-valuation priorpolarity=negative
word=over-valuation priorpolarity=negative
word=overachiever priorpolarity=positive
word=overact priorpolarity=negative
word=overact priorpolarity=negative
word=overacted priorpolarity=negative
word=overawe priorpolarity=negative
word=overbalance priorpolarity=negative
word=overbalanced priorpolarity=negative
word=overbearing priorpolarity=negative
word=overbearingly priorpolarity=negative
word=overblown priorpolarity=negative
word=overcome priorpolarity=negative
word=overdo priorpolarity=negative
word=overdone priorpolarity=negative
word=overdue priorpolarity=negative
word=overemphasize priorpolarity=negative
word=overjoyed priorpolarity=positive
word=overkill priorpolarity=negative
word=overlook priorpolarity=negative
word=overplay priorpolarity=negative
word=overpower priorpolarity=negative
word=overreach priorpolarity=negative
word=overrun priorpolarity=negative
word=overshadow priorpolarity=negative
word=oversight priorpolarity=negative
word=oversimplification priorpolarity=negative
word=oversimplified priorpolarity=negative
word=oversimplify priorpolarity=negative
word=oversized priorpolarity=negative
word=overstate priorpolarity=negative
word=overstatement priorpolarity=negative
word=overstatement priorpolarity=negative
word=overstatements priorpolarity=negative
word=overt priorpolarity=neutral
word=overtaxed priorpolarity=negative
word=overthrow priorpolarity=negative
word=overturn priorpolarity=negative
word=overture priorpolarity=positive
word=overture priorpolarity=positive
word=overtures priorpolarity=neutral
word=overtures priorpolarity=neutral
word=overwhelm priorpolarity=negative
word=overwhelming priorpolarity=negative
word=overwhelmingly priorpolarity=negative
word=overworked priorpolarity=negative
word=overzealous priorpolarity=negative
word=overzealously priorpolarity=negative
word=pacifist priorpolarity=positive
word=pacifists priorpolarity=positive
word=pacifists priorpolarity=positive
word=pacify priorpolarity=neutral
word=pain priorpolarity=negative
word=pain priorpolarity=negative
word=pain priorpolarity=negative
word=painful priorpolarity=negative
word=painfully priorpolarity=negative
word=painless priorpolarity=positive
word=painlessly priorpolarity=positive
word=pains priorpolarity=negative
word=pains priorpolarity=negative
word=painstaking priorpolarity=positive
word=painstakingly priorpolarity=positive
word=palatable priorpolarity=positive
word=palatial priorpolarity=positive
word=pale priorpolarity=negative
word=pale priorpolarity=negative
word=palliate priorpolarity=positive
word=paltry priorpolarity=negative
word=pamper priorpolarity=positive
word=pan priorpolarity=negative
word=pandemonium priorpolarity=negative
word=panic priorpolarity=negative
word=panic priorpolarity=negative
word=panicky priorpolarity=negative
word=paradise priorpolarity=positive
word=paradoxical priorpolarity=negative
word=paradoxically priorpolarity=negative
word=paralize priorpolarity=negative
word=paralyzed priorpolarity=negative
word=paramount priorpolarity=positive
word=paranoia priorpolarity=negative
word=paranoid priorpolarity=negative
word=parasite priorpolarity=negative
word=pardon priorpolarity=positive
word=pariah priorpolarity=negative
word=parody priorpolarity=negative
word=partiality priorpolarity=negative
word=partiality priorpolarity=negative
word=particular priorpolarity=neutral
word=particularly priorpolarity=neutral
word=partisan priorpolarity=negative
word=partisan priorpolarity=negative
word=partisans priorpolarity=negative
word=partisans priorpolarity=negative
word=passe priorpolarity=negative
word=passion priorpolarity=positive
word=passionate priorpolarity=positive
word=passionately priorpolarity=positive
word=passive priorpolarity=negative
word=passive priorpolarity=negative
word=passiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=passiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=pathetic priorpolarity=negative
word=pathetically priorpolarity=negative
word=patience priorpolarity=positive
word=patient priorpolarity=positive
word=patient priorpolarity=positive
word=patient priorpolarity=positive
word=patiently priorpolarity=positive
word=patriot priorpolarity=positive
word=patriotic priorpolarity=positive
word=patronize priorpolarity=negative
word=paucity priorpolarity=negative
word=paucity priorpolarity=negative
word=pauper priorpolarity=negative
word=paupers priorpolarity=negative
word=paupers priorpolarity=negative
word=payback priorpolarity=negative
word=payback priorpolarity=negative
word=peace priorpolarity=positive
word=peace priorpolarity=positive
word=peaceable priorpolarity=positive
word=peaceful priorpolarity=positive
word=peaceful priorpolarity=positive
word=peacefully priorpolarity=positive
word=peacekeepers priorpolarity=positive
word=peacekeepers priorpolarity=positive
word=peculiar priorpolarity=negative
word=peculiarly priorpolarity=negative
word=pedantic priorpolarity=negative
word=pedestrian priorpolarity=negative
word=peerless priorpolarity=positive
word=peeve priorpolarity=negative
word=peeved priorpolarity=negative
word=peevish priorpolarity=negative
word=peevishly priorpolarity=negative
word=penalize priorpolarity=negative
word=penalty priorpolarity=negative
word=penalty priorpolarity=negative
word=penetrating priorpolarity=positive
word=penitent priorpolarity=positive
word=perceptions priorpolarity=neutral
word=perceptions priorpolarity=neutral
word=perceptive priorpolarity=positive
word=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word=perfect priorpolarity=positive
word=perfection priorpolarity=positive
word=perfectly priorpolarity=positive
word=perfidious priorpolarity=negative
word=perfidity priorpolarity=negative
word=perfunctory priorpolarity=negative
word=perfunctory priorpolarity=negative
word=perhaps priorpolarity=neutral
word=peril priorpolarity=negative
word=perilous priorpolarity=negative
word=perilously priorpolarity=negative
word=peripheral priorpolarity=negative
word=perish priorpolarity=negative
word=permissible priorpolarity=positive
word=pernicious priorpolarity=negative
word=perplex priorpolarity=negative
word=perplexed priorpolarity=negative
word=perplexing priorpolarity=negative
word=perplexity priorpolarity=negative
word=persecute priorpolarity=negative
word=persecution priorpolarity=negative
word=persecution priorpolarity=negative
word=perseverance priorpolarity=positive
word=persevere priorpolarity=positive
word=persistence priorpolarity=neutral
word=persistence priorpolarity=neutral
word=persistent priorpolarity=positive
word=persistent priorpolarity=positive
word=personages priorpolarity=positive
word=personages priorpolarity=positive
word=personality priorpolarity=positive
word=personality priorpolarity=positive
word=perspective priorpolarity=neutral
word=perspective priorpolarity=neutral
word=perspicuous priorpolarity=positive
word=perspicuously priorpolarity=positive
word=persuade priorpolarity=positive
word=persuasive priorpolarity=positive
word=persuasive priorpolarity=positive
word=persuasively priorpolarity=positive
word=pertinacious priorpolarity=negative
word=pertinaciously priorpolarity=negative
word=pertinacity priorpolarity=negative
word=pertinent priorpolarity=positive
word=perturb priorpolarity=negative
word=perturbed priorpolarity=negative
word=pervasive m priorpolarity=negative
word=pervasive m priorpolarity=negative
word=perverse priorpolarity=negative
word=perversely priorpolarity=negative
word=perversion priorpolarity=negative
word=perversity priorpolarity=negative
word=pervert priorpolarity=negative
word=perverted priorpolarity=negative
word=pessimism priorpolarity=negative
word=pessimistic priorpolarity=negative
word=pessimistically priorpolarity=negative
word=pest priorpolarity=negative
word=pestilent priorpolarity=negative
word=petrify priorpolarity=negative
word=petrified priorpolarity=negative
word=pettifog priorpolarity=negative
word=petty priorpolarity=negative
word=phenomenal priorpolarity=positive
word=phenomenally priorpolarity=positive
word=philosophize priorpolarity=neutral
word=phobia priorpolarity=negative
word=phobic priorpolarity=negative
word=phony priorpolarity=negative
word=picky priorpolarity=negative
word=picturesque priorpolarity=positive
word=piety priorpolarity=positive
word=pillage priorpolarity=negative
word=pillar priorpolarity=positive
word=pillar priorpolarity=positive
word=pillory priorpolarity=negative
word=pinch priorpolarity=negative
word=pinch priorpolarity=negative
word=pine priorpolarity=negative
word=pinnacle priorpolarity=positive
word=pious priorpolarity=positive
word=pique priorpolarity=negative
word=pithy priorpolarity=positive
word=pithy priorpolarity=positive
word=pitiable priorpolarity=negative
word=pitiful priorpolarity=negative
word=pitifully priorpolarity=negative
word=pitiless priorpolarity=negative
word=pitilessly priorpolarity=negative
word=pittance priorpolarity=negative
word=pity priorpolarity=negative
word=pity priorpolarity=negative
word=pivotal priorpolarity=neutral
word=placate priorpolarity=positive
word=placid priorpolarity=positive
word=plagiarize priorpolarity=negative
word=plague priorpolarity=negative
word=plague priorpolarity=negative
word=plague priorpolarity=negative
word=plain priorpolarity=positive
word=plainly priorpolarity=positive
word=plausibility priorpolarity=positive
word=plausible priorpolarity=positive
word=player priorpolarity=neutral
word=player priorpolarity=neutral
word=playful priorpolarity=positive
word=playfully priorpolarity=positive
word=plaything priorpolarity=negative
word=plaything priorpolarity=negative
word=plead priorpolarity=both
word=pleading priorpolarity=both
word=pleadingly priorpolarity=both
word=plea priorpolarity=negative
word=pleas priorpolarity=negative
word=pleas priorpolarity=negative
word=pleasant priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasantly priorpolarity=positive
word=please priorpolarity=positive
word=pleased priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasing priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasingly priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasurable priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasurably priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasure priorpolarity=positive
word=pleasure priorpolarity=positive
word=plebeian priorpolarity=negative
word=pledge priorpolarity=positive
word=pledge priorpolarity=positive
word=pledges priorpolarity=positive
word=pledges priorpolarity=positive
word=plenary priorpolarity=neutral
word=plentiful priorpolarity=positive
word=plenty priorpolarity=positive
word=plight priorpolarity=negative
word=plot priorpolarity=negative
word=plotters priorpolarity=negative
word=plotters priorpolarity=negative
word=ploy priorpolarity=negative
word=ploy priorpolarity=negative
word=plunder priorpolarity=negative
word=plunderer priorpolarity=negative
word=plush priorpolarity=positive
word=poetic priorpolarity=positive
word=poeticize priorpolarity=positive
word=poignant priorpolarity=positive
word=point priorpolarity=neutral
word=point priorpolarity=neutral
word=pointless priorpolarity=negative
word=pointlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=poise priorpolarity=positive
word=poised priorpolarity=positive
word=poison priorpolarity=negative
word=poison priorpolarity=negative
word=poisonous priorpolarity=negative
word=poisonously priorpolarity=negative
word=polarisation priorpolarity=negative
word=polarisation priorpolarity=negative
word=polemize priorpolarity=negative
word=polished priorpolarity=positive
word=polite priorpolarity=positive
word=politeness priorpolarity=positive
word=pollute priorpolarity=negative
word=polluter priorpolarity=negative
word=polluter priorpolarity=negative
word=polluters priorpolarity=negative
word=polluters priorpolarity=negative
word=polution priorpolarity=negative
word=pompous priorpolarity=negative
word=ponder priorpolarity=neutral
word=poor priorpolarity=negative
word=poorly priorpolarity=negative
word=popular priorpolarity=positive
word=popular priorpolarity=positive
word=popularity priorpolarity=positive
word=popularity priorpolarity=positive
word=portable priorpolarity=positive
word=posh priorpolarity=positive
word=position priorpolarity=neutral
word=position priorpolarity=neutral
word=positive priorpolarity=positive
word=positiveness priorpolarity=positive
word=positively priorpolarity=positive
word=possibility priorpolarity=neutral
word=possibility priorpolarity=neutral
word=possible priorpolarity=neutral
word=possibly priorpolarity=neutral
word=posterity priorpolarity=positive
word=posture priorpolarity=neutral
word=posture priorpolarity=neutral
word=posturing priorpolarity=negative
word=posturing priorpolarity=negative
word=potent priorpolarity=positive
word=potential priorpolarity=positive
word=potential priorpolarity=positive
word=pout priorpolarity=negative
word=poverty priorpolarity=negative
word=power priorpolarity=neutral
word=power priorpolarity=neutral
word=powerful priorpolarity=positive
word=powerfully priorpolarity=positive
word=powerless priorpolarity=negative
word=practicable priorpolarity=positive
word=practical priorpolarity=positive
word=practically priorpolarity=neutral
word=pragmatic priorpolarity=positive
word=praise priorpolarity=positive
word=praise priorpolarity=positive
word=praiseworthy priorpolarity=positive
word=praising priorpolarity=positive
word=praising priorpolarity=positive
word=prate priorpolarity=negative
word=pratfall priorpolarity=negative
word=prattle priorpolarity=negative
word=pray priorpolarity=neutral
word=pre-eminent priorpolarity=positive
word=preach priorpolarity=positive
word=preaching priorpolarity=positive
word=preaching priorpolarity=positive
word=precarious priorpolarity=negative
word=precariously priorpolarity=negative
word=precaution priorpolarity=positive
word=precautions priorpolarity=positive
word=precedent priorpolarity=positive
word=precious priorpolarity=positive
word=precious priorpolarity=neutral
word=precious priorpolarity=positive
word=precipitate priorpolarity=negative
word=precipitous priorpolarity=negative
word=precise priorpolarity=positive
word=precisely priorpolarity=positive
word=precision priorpolarity=positive
word=predatory priorpolarity=negative
word=predicament priorpolarity=negative
word=predictable priorpolarity=neutral
word=predictablely priorpolarity=neutral
word=predominant priorpolarity=neutral
word=preeminent priorpolarity=positive
word=preemptive priorpolarity=positive
word=prefer priorpolarity=positive
word=preferable priorpolarity=positive
word=preferable priorpolarity=positive
word=preferably priorpolarity=positive
word=preference priorpolarity=positive
word=preferences priorpolarity=positive
word=preferences priorpolarity=positive
word=prejudge priorpolarity=negative
word=prejudice priorpolarity=negative
word=prejudice priorpolarity=negative
word=prejudicial priorpolarity=negative
word=premeditated priorpolarity=negative
word=premier priorpolarity=positive
word=premium priorpolarity=positive
word=preoccupy priorpolarity=negative
word=prepared priorpolarity=positive
word=preponderance priorpolarity=positive
word=preponderance priorpolarity=positive
word=preposterous priorpolarity=negative
word=preposterously priorpolarity=negative
word=press priorpolarity=positive
word=pressing priorpolarity=negative
word=pressing priorpolarity=negative
word=pressure priorpolarity=neutral
word=pressure priorpolarity=neutral
word=pressures priorpolarity=neutral
word=pressures priorpolarity=neutral
word=prestige priorpolarity=positive
word=prestigious priorpolarity=positive
word=presumably priorpolarity=neutral
word=presume priorpolarity=negative
word=presumptuous priorpolarity=negative
word=presumptuous priorpolarity=negative
word=presumptuously priorpolarity=negative
word=pretence priorpolarity=negative
word=pretence priorpolarity=negative
word=pretend priorpolarity=negative
word=pretense priorpolarity=negative
word=pretense priorpolarity=negative
word=pretentious priorpolarity=negative
word=pretentiously priorpolarity=negative
word=prettily priorpolarity=positive
word=pretty priorpolarity=positive
word=prevalent priorpolarity=neutral
word=prevaricate priorpolarity=negative
word=priceless priorpolarity=positive
word=pricey priorpolarity=negative
word=prickle priorpolarity=negative
word=prickles priorpolarity=negative
word=prickles priorpolarity=negative
word=pride priorpolarity=positive
word=prideful priorpolarity=negative
word=primarily priorpolarity=neutral
word=primary priorpolarity=neutral
word=prime priorpolarity=neutral
word=primitive priorpolarity=negative
word=primitive priorpolarity=negative
word=principle priorpolarity=positive
word=principle priorpolarity=positive
word=principled priorpolarity=positive
word=prison priorpolarity=negative
word=prisoner priorpolarity=negative
word=privilege priorpolarity=positive
word=privileged priorpolarity=positive
word=prize priorpolarity=positive
word=pro priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-American priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-American priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-Beijing priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-Beijing priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-Cuba priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-Cuba priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-peace priorpolarity=positive
word=pro-peace priorpolarity=positive
word=proactive priorpolarity=positive
word=proactive priorpolarity=positive
word=problem priorpolarity=negative
word=problematic priorpolarity=negative
word=problematic priorpolarity=negative
word=problems priorpolarity=negative
word=problems priorpolarity=negative
word=proclaim priorpolarity=neutral
word=procrastinate priorpolarity=negative
word=procrastination priorpolarity=negative
word=prodigious priorpolarity=positive
word=prodigiously priorpolarity=positive
word=prodigy priorpolarity=positive
word=productive priorpolarity=positive
word=profane priorpolarity=negative
word=profane priorpolarity=negative
word=profanity priorpolarity=negative
word=profess priorpolarity=positive
word=proficient priorpolarity=positive
word=proficiently priorpolarity=positive
word=profit priorpolarity=positive
word=profit priorpolarity=positive
word=profitable priorpolarity=positive
word=profound priorpolarity=positive
word=profoundly priorpolarity=positive
word=profuse priorpolarity=positive
word=profusely priorpolarity=positive
word=profusion priorpolarity=positive
word=prognosticate priorpolarity=neutral
word=progress priorpolarity=positive
word=progress priorpolarity=positive
word=progressive priorpolarity=positive
word=prohibit priorpolarity=negative
word=prohibitive priorpolarity=negative
word=prohibitively priorpolarity=negative
word=prolific priorpolarity=positive
word=prominent priorpolarity=positive
word=prominence priorpolarity=positive
word=promise priorpolarity=positive
word=promise priorpolarity=positive
word=promising priorpolarity=positive
word=promoter priorpolarity=positive
word=promoter priorpolarity=positive
word=prompt priorpolarity=positive
word=promptly priorpolarity=positive
word=propaganda priorpolarity=negative
word=propaganda priorpolarity=negative
word=propagandize priorpolarity=negative
word=proper priorpolarity=positive
word=properly priorpolarity=positive
word=prophesy priorpolarity=neutral
word=propitious priorpolarity=positive
word=propitiously priorpolarity=positive
word=proportionate priorpolarity=neutral
word=proportionate priorpolarity=neutral
word=proportionately priorpolarity=neutral
word=proscription priorpolarity=negative
word=proscription priorpolarity=negative
word=proscriptions priorpolarity=negative
word=proscriptions priorpolarity=negative
word=prosecute priorpolarity=negative
word=prospect priorpolarity=positive
word=prospect priorpolarity=positive
word=prospects priorpolarity=positive
word=prospects priorpolarity=positive
word=prosper priorpolarity=positive
word=prosperity priorpolarity=positive
word=prosperity priorpolarity=positive
word=prosperous priorpolarity=positive
word=protect priorpolarity=positive
word=protection priorpolarity=positive
word=protective priorpolarity=positive
word=protector priorpolarity=positive
word=protector priorpolarity=positive
word=protest priorpolarity=negative
word=protest priorpolarity=negative
word=protest priorpolarity=negative
word=protests priorpolarity=negative
word=protests priorpolarity=negative
word=protracted priorpolarity=negative
word=proud priorpolarity=positive
word=prove priorpolarity=neutral
word=providence priorpolarity=positive
word=provocation priorpolarity=negative
word=provocation priorpolarity=negative
word=provocative priorpolarity=negative
word=provocative priorpolarity=negative
word=provoke priorpolarity=negative
word=prowess priorpolarity=positive
word=prudence priorpolarity=positive
word=prudence priorpolarity=positive
word=prudent priorpolarity=positive
word=prudently priorpolarity=positive
word=pry priorpolarity=negative
word=pugnacious priorpolarity=negative
word=pugnaciously priorpolarity=negative
word=pugnacity priorpolarity=negative
word=punch priorpolarity=negative
word=punch priorpolarity=negative
word=punctual priorpolarity=positive
word=pundits priorpolarity=positive
word=pundits priorpolarity=positive
word=punish priorpolarity=negative
word=punishable priorpolarity=negative
word=punitive priorpolarity=negative
word=punitive priorpolarity=negative
word=puny priorpolarity=negative
word=puppet priorpolarity=negative
word=puppet priorpolarity=negative
word=puppets priorpolarity=negative
word=puppets priorpolarity=negative
word=pure priorpolarity=positive
word=purification priorpolarity=positive
word=purify priorpolarity=positive
word=purity priorpolarity=positive
word=purposeful priorpolarity=positive
word=puzzle priorpolarity=negative
word=puzzled priorpolarity=negative
word=puzzlement priorpolarity=negative
word=puzzling priorpolarity=negative
word=quack priorpolarity=negative
word=quaint priorpolarity=positive
word=qualified priorpolarity=positive
word=qualify priorpolarity=positive
word=qualify priorpolarity=positive
word=qualms priorpolarity=negative
word=qualms priorpolarity=negative
word=quandary priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrel priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrellous priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrellously priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrels priorpolarity=negative
word=quarrelsome priorpolarity=negative
word=quash priorpolarity=negative
word=quasi-ally priorpolarity=positive
word=quasi-ally priorpolarity=positive
word=queer priorpolarity=negative
word=quench priorpolarity=positive
word=questionable priorpolarity=negative
word=questionable priorpolarity=negative
word=quibble priorpolarity=negative
word=quicken priorpolarity=positive
word=quick priorpolarity=neutral
word=quiet priorpolarity=neutral
word=quit priorpolarity=negative
word=quite priorpolarity=neutral
word=quitter priorpolarity=negative
word=racism priorpolarity=negative
word=racism priorpolarity=negative
word=racist priorpolarity=negative
word=racist priorpolarity=negative
word=racist priorpolarity=negative
word=racists priorpolarity=negative
word=racists priorpolarity=negative
word=rack priorpolarity=negative
word=radiance priorpolarity=positive
word=radiant priorpolarity=positive
word=radical priorpolarity=negative
word=radical priorpolarity=negative
word=radical priorpolarity=negative
word=radicalization priorpolarity=negative
word=radicalization priorpolarity=negative
word=radically priorpolarity=negative
word=radicals priorpolarity=negative
word=rage priorpolarity=negative
word=rage priorpolarity=negative
word=ragged priorpolarity=negative
word=raging priorpolarity=negative
word=rail priorpolarity=negative
word=rally priorpolarity=positive
word=rampage priorpolarity=negative
word=rampant priorpolarity=negative
word=ramshackle priorpolarity=negative
word=rancor priorpolarity=negative
word=rank priorpolarity=negative
word=rankle priorpolarity=negative
word=rant priorpolarity=negative
word=rant priorpolarity=negative
word=ranting priorpolarity=negative
word=rantingly priorpolarity=negative
word=rapid priorpolarity=neutral
word=rapprochement priorpolarity=positive
word=rapprochement priorpolarity=positive
word=rapport priorpolarity=positive
word=rapt priorpolarity=positive
word=rapture priorpolarity=positive
word=rapture priorpolarity=positive
word=raptureous priorpolarity=positive
word=raptureously priorpolarity=positive
word=rapturous priorpolarity=positive
word=rapturously priorpolarity=positive
word=rare priorpolarity=neutral
word=rarely priorpolarity=neutral
word=rascal priorpolarity=negative
word=rash priorpolarity=negative
word=rat priorpolarity=negative
word=rather priorpolarity=neutral
word=rather priorpolarity=neutral
word=rational priorpolarity=positive
word=rationality priorpolarity=positive
word=rationality priorpolarity=positive
word=rationalize priorpolarity=negative
word=rattle priorpolarity=negative
word=ravage priorpolarity=negative
word=rave priorpolarity=positive
word=raving priorpolarity=negative
word=re-conquest priorpolarity=positive
word=re-conquest priorpolarity=positive
word=react priorpolarity=neutral
word=reaction priorpolarity=neutral
word=reaction priorpolarity=neutral
word=reactionary priorpolarity=negative
word=reactions priorpolarity=neutral
word=reactions priorpolarity=neutral
word=readiness priorpolarity=neutral
word=readiness priorpolarity=neutral
word=readily priorpolarity=positive
word=ready priorpolarity=positive
word=reaffirm priorpolarity=positive
word=reaffirmation priorpolarity=positive
word=reaffirmation priorpolarity=positive
word=real priorpolarity=positive
word=realist priorpolarity=positive
word=realistic priorpolarity=positive
word=realistically priorpolarity=positive
word=realization priorpolarity=neutral
word=realization priorpolarity=neutral
word=really priorpolarity=neutral
word=reason priorpolarity=positive
word=reasonable priorpolarity=positive
word=reasonably priorpolarity=positive
word=reasoned priorpolarity=positive
word=reassurance priorpolarity=positive
word=reassurance priorpolarity=positive
word=reassure priorpolarity=positive
word=rebellious priorpolarity=negative
word=rebuff priorpolarity=negative
word=rebuke priorpolarity=negative
word=recalcitrant priorpolarity=negative
word=recant priorpolarity=negative
word=receptive priorpolarity=positive
word=recession priorpolarity=negative
word=recessionary priorpolarity=negative
word=reckless priorpolarity=negative
word=recklessly priorpolarity=negative
word=recklessness priorpolarity=negative
word=reclaim priorpolarity=positive
word=recognition priorpolarity=positive
word=recognition priorpolarity=positive
word=recognizable priorpolarity=neutral
word=recognizable priorpolarity=neutral
word=recoil priorpolarity=negative
word=recommend priorpolarity=positive
word=recommendation priorpolarity=positive
word=recommendations priorpolarity=positive
word=recommendations priorpolarity=positive
word=recommended priorpolarity=positive
word=recompense priorpolarity=positive
word=recompense priorpolarity=positive
word=reconcile priorpolarity=positive
word=reconciliation priorpolarity=positive
word=reconciliation priorpolarity=positive
word=record-setting priorpolarity=positive
word=recourses priorpolarity=negative
word=recourses priorpolarity=negative
word=recover priorpolarity=positive
word=rectification priorpolarity=positive
word=rectification priorpolarity=positive
word=rectify priorpolarity=positive
word=rectifying priorpolarity=positive
word=rectifying priorpolarity=positive
word=redeem priorpolarity=positive
word=redeeming priorpolarity=positive
word=redemption priorpolarity=positive
word=redundancy priorpolarity=negative
word=redundant priorpolarity=negative
word=reestablish priorpolarity=positive
word=refine priorpolarity=positive
word=refined priorpolarity=positive
word=refinement priorpolarity=positive
word=reflecting priorpolarity=neutral
word=reflecting priorpolarity=neutral
word=reflective priorpolarity=neutral
word=reform priorpolarity=positive
word=reform priorpolarity=positive
word=refresh priorpolarity=positive
word=refreshing priorpolarity=positive
word=refuge priorpolarity=positive
word=refusal priorpolarity=negative
word=refusal priorpolarity=negative
word=refuse priorpolarity=negative
word=refutation priorpolarity=negative
word=refutation priorpolarity=negative
word=refute priorpolarity=negative
word=regal priorpolarity=positive
word=regally priorpolarity=positive
word=regard priorpolarity=positive
word=regard priorpolarity=neutral
word=regardless priorpolarity=neutral
word=regardlessly priorpolarity=neutral
word=regress priorpolarity=negative
word=regression priorpolarity=negative
word=regressive priorpolarity=negative
word=regret priorpolarity=negative
word=regret priorpolarity=negative
word=regret priorpolarity=negative
word=regretful priorpolarity=negative
word=regretfully priorpolarity=negative
word=regrettable priorpolarity=negative
word=regrettably priorpolarity=negative
word=rehabilitate priorpolarity=positive
word=rehabilitation priorpolarity=positive
word=reinforce priorpolarity=positive
word=reinforcement priorpolarity=positive
word=reiterate priorpolarity=neutral
word=reiterated priorpolarity=neutral
word=reiterated priorpolarity=neutral
word=reiterates priorpolarity=neutral
word=reiterates priorpolarity=neutral
word=reject priorpolarity=negative
word=rejection priorpolarity=negative
word=rejection priorpolarity=negative
word=rejoice priorpolarity=positive
word=rejoicing priorpolarity=positive
word=rejoicingly priorpolarity=positive
word=relapse priorpolarity=negative
word=relations priorpolarity=neutral
word=relations priorpolarity=neutral
word=relax priorpolarity=positive
word=relaxed priorpolarity=positive
word=relent priorpolarity=positive
word=relentless priorpolarity=negative
word=relentlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=relentlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=relevant priorpolarity=positive
word=relevance priorpolarity=positive
word=reliable priorpolarity=positive
word=reliability priorpolarity=positive
word=reliably priorpolarity=positive
word=relief priorpolarity=positive
word=relief priorpolarity=positive
word=relieve priorpolarity=positive
word=relish priorpolarity=positive
word=reluctance priorpolarity=negative
word=reluctance priorpolarity=negative
word=reluctant priorpolarity=negative
word=reluctantly priorpolarity=negative
word=remark priorpolarity=neutral
word=remark priorpolarity=neutral
word=remarkable priorpolarity=positive
word=remarkable priorpolarity=positive
word=remarkably priorpolarity=positive
word=remedy priorpolarity=positive
word=reminiscent priorpolarity=positive
word=reminiscent priorpolarity=positive
word=remorse priorpolarity=negative
word=remorse priorpolarity=negative
word=remorseful priorpolarity=negative
word=remorseful priorpolarity=negative
word=remorsefully priorpolarity=negative
word=remorseless priorpolarity=negative
word=remorselessly priorpolarity=negative
word=remorselessness priorpolarity=negative
word=remunerate priorpolarity=positive
word=renaissance priorpolarity=positive
word=renewable priorpolarity=neutral
word=renewal priorpolarity=positive
word=renovate priorpolarity=positive
word=renovation priorpolarity=positive
word=renounce priorpolarity=negative
word=renown priorpolarity=positive
word=renowned priorpolarity=positive
word=renunciation priorpolarity=negative
word=repair priorpolarity=positive
word=repair priorpolarity=positive
word=reparation priorpolarity=positive
word=repay priorpolarity=positive
word=repel priorpolarity=negative
word=repent priorpolarity=positive
word=repentance priorpolarity=positive
word=repetitive priorpolarity=negative
word=replete priorpolarity=neutral
word=reprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word=reprehensible priorpolarity=negative
word=reprehensibly priorpolarity=negative
word=reprehension priorpolarity=negative
word=reprehensive priorpolarity=negative
word=repress priorpolarity=negative
word=repression priorpolarity=negative
word=repression priorpolarity=negative
word=repressive priorpolarity=negative
word=reprimand priorpolarity=negative
word=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word=reproach priorpolarity=negative
word=reproachful priorpolarity=negative
word=reprove priorpolarity=negative
word=reprovingly priorpolarity=negative
word=repudiate priorpolarity=negative
word=repudiation priorpolarity=negative
word=repudiation priorpolarity=negative
word=repugn priorpolarity=negative
word=repugnance priorpolarity=negative
word=repugnant priorpolarity=negative
word=repugnantly priorpolarity=negative
word=repulse priorpolarity=negative
word=repulsed priorpolarity=negative
word=repulsing priorpolarity=negative
word=repulsive priorpolarity=negative
word=repulsively priorpolarity=negative
word=repulsiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=reputable priorpolarity=positive
word=reputed priorpolarity=neutral
word=rescue priorpolarity=positive
word=rescue priorpolarity=positive
word=resent priorpolarity=negative
word=resentful priorpolarity=negative
word=resentment priorpolarity=negative
word=resentment priorpolarity=negative
word=reservations priorpolarity=negative
word=reservations priorpolarity=negative
word=resignation priorpolarity=negative
word=resigned priorpolarity=negative
word=resilient priorpolarity=positive
word=resistance priorpolarity=negative
word=resistance priorpolarity=negative
word=resistant priorpolarity=negative
word=resistant priorpolarity=negative
word=resolute priorpolarity=positive
word=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word=resolve priorpolarity=positive
word=resolved priorpolarity=positive
word=resound priorpolarity=positive
word=resounding priorpolarity=positive
word=resourceful priorpolarity=positive
word=resourcefulness priorpolarity=positive
word=respect priorpolarity=positive
word=respect priorpolarity=positive
word=respect priorpolarity=positive
word=respectable priorpolarity=positive
word=respectful priorpolarity=positive
word=respectfully priorpolarity=positive
word=respite priorpolarity=positive
word=resplendent priorpolarity=positive
word=responsibility priorpolarity=positive
word=responsible priorpolarity=positive
word=responsibly priorpolarity=positive
word=responsive priorpolarity=positive
word=restful priorpolarity=positive
word=restless priorpolarity=negative
word=restlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=restoration priorpolarity=positive
word=restore priorpolarity=positive
word=restraint priorpolarity=positive
word=restraint priorpolarity=positive
word=restrict priorpolarity=negative
word=restricted priorpolarity=negative
word=restriction priorpolarity=negative
word=restrictive priorpolarity=negative
word=resurgent priorpolarity=positive
word=retaliate priorpolarity=negative
word=retaliatory priorpolarity=negative
word=retard priorpolarity=negative
word=reticent priorpolarity=negative
word=retire priorpolarity=negative
word=retract priorpolarity=negative
word=retreat priorpolarity=negative
word=retreat priorpolarity=negative
word=reunite priorpolarity=positive
word=reveal priorpolarity=neutral
word=revealing priorpolarity=neutral
word=revel priorpolarity=positive
word=revel priorpolarity=positive
word=revel priorpolarity=positive
word=revelation priorpolarity=positive
word=revelation priorpolarity=positive
word=revelatory priorpolarity=neutral
word=revenge priorpolarity=negative
word=revenge priorpolarity=negative
word=revengeful priorpolarity=negative
word=revengefully priorpolarity=negative
word=revere priorpolarity=positive
word=reverence priorpolarity=positive
word=reverent priorpolarity=positive
word=reverently priorpolarity=positive
word=revert priorpolarity=negative
word=revival priorpolarity=positive
word=revive priorpolarity=positive
word=revile priorpolarity=negative
word=reviled priorpolarity=negative
word=revitalize priorpolarity=positive
word=revoke priorpolarity=negative
word=revolt priorpolarity=negative
word=revolting priorpolarity=negative
word=revoltingly priorpolarity=negative
word=revolution priorpolarity=positive
word=revolution priorpolarity=positive
word=revulsion priorpolarity=negative
word=revulsive priorpolarity=negative
word=reward priorpolarity=positive
word=rewarding priorpolarity=positive
word=rewardingly priorpolarity=positive
word=rhapsodize priorpolarity=negative
word=rhetoric priorpolarity=negative
word=rhetoric priorpolarity=negative
word=rhetorical priorpolarity=negative
word=rhetorical priorpolarity=negative
word=rich priorpolarity=positive
word=riches priorpolarity=positive
word=richly priorpolarity=positive
word=richness priorpolarity=positive
word=rid priorpolarity=negative
word=ridicule priorpolarity=negative
word=ridicule priorpolarity=negative
word=ridiculous priorpolarity=negative
word=ridiculously priorpolarity=negative
word=rife priorpolarity=negative
word=rift priorpolarity=negative
word=rift priorpolarity=negative
word=rifts priorpolarity=negative
word=rifts priorpolarity=negative
word=right priorpolarity=positive
word=right priorpolarity=positive
word=right priorpolarity=positive
word=righten priorpolarity=positive
word=righteous priorpolarity=positive
word=righteously priorpolarity=positive
word=righteousness priorpolarity=positive
word=rightful priorpolarity=positive
word=rightfully priorpolarity=positive
word=rightly priorpolarity=positive
word=rightness priorpolarity=positive
word=rightness priorpolarity=positive
word=rights priorpolarity=positive
word=rights priorpolarity=positive
word=rigid priorpolarity=negative
word=rigor priorpolarity=negative
word=rigorous priorpolarity=negative
word=rile priorpolarity=negative
word=riled priorpolarity=negative
word=ripe priorpolarity=positive
word=risk priorpolarity=negative
word=risk priorpolarity=negative
word=risk-free priorpolarity=positive
word=risky priorpolarity=negative
word=rival priorpolarity=negative
word=rival priorpolarity=negative
word=rivalry priorpolarity=negative
word=roadblocks priorpolarity=negative
word=roadblocks priorpolarity=negative
word=robust priorpolarity=positive
word=rocky priorpolarity=negative
word=rogue priorpolarity=negative
word=rogue priorpolarity=negative
word=rollercoaster priorpolarity=negative
word=rollercoaster priorpolarity=negative
word=romantic priorpolarity=positive
word=romantically priorpolarity=positive
word=romanticize priorpolarity=positive
word=rosy priorpolarity=positive
word=rot priorpolarity=negative
word=rot priorpolarity=negative
word=rotten priorpolarity=negative
word=rough priorpolarity=negative
word=rousing priorpolarity=positive
word=rubbish priorpolarity=negative
word=rude priorpolarity=negative
word=rue priorpolarity=negative
word=rue priorpolarity=negative
word=ruffian priorpolarity=negative
word=ruffle priorpolarity=negative
word=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word=ruin priorpolarity=negative
word=ruinous priorpolarity=negative
word=rumbling priorpolarity=negative
word=rumbling priorpolarity=negative
word=rumor priorpolarity=negative
word=rumor priorpolarity=negative
word=rumors priorpolarity=negative
word=rumors priorpolarity=negative
word=rumours priorpolarity=negative
word=rumours priorpolarity=negative
word=rumple priorpolarity=negative
word=run-down priorpolarity=negative
word=runaway priorpolarity=negative
word=rupture priorpolarity=negative
word=rupture priorpolarity=negative
word=rusty priorpolarity=negative
word=ruthless priorpolarity=negative
word=ruthlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=ruthlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=sabotage priorpolarity=negative
word=sacred priorpolarity=positive
word=sacrifice priorpolarity=negative
word=sacrifice priorpolarity=negative
word=sad priorpolarity=negative
word=sad priorpolarity=negative
word=sadden priorpolarity=negative
word=sadly priorpolarity=negative
word=sadness priorpolarity=negative
word=safe priorpolarity=positive
word=safeguard priorpolarity=positive
word=sag priorpolarity=negative
word=sagacity priorpolarity=positive
word=sage priorpolarity=positive
word=sagely priorpolarity=positive
word=saint priorpolarity=positive
word=saintliness priorpolarity=positive
word=saintly priorpolarity=positive
word=salable priorpolarity=positive
word=salacious priorpolarity=negative
word=salivate priorpolarity=positive
word=salutary priorpolarity=positive
word=salute priorpolarity=positive
word=salvation priorpolarity=positive
word=sanctimonious priorpolarity=negative
word=sanctimonious priorpolarity=negative
word=sanctify priorpolarity=positive
word=sanction priorpolarity=positive
word=sanctity priorpolarity=positive
word=sanctuary priorpolarity=positive
word=sanctuary priorpolarity=positive
word=sanguine priorpolarity=positive
word=sane priorpolarity=positive
word=sanity priorpolarity=positive
word=sanity priorpolarity=positive
word=sap priorpolarity=negative
word=sarcasm priorpolarity=negative
word=sarcastic priorpolarity=negative
word=sarcastically priorpolarity=negative
word=sardonic priorpolarity=negative
word=sardonically priorpolarity=negative
word=sass priorpolarity=negative
word=sass priorpolarity=negative
word=satirical priorpolarity=negative
word=satirize priorpolarity=negative
word=satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word=satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word=satisfactorily priorpolarity=positive
word=satisfactory priorpolarity=positive
word=satisfy priorpolarity=positive
word=satisfying priorpolarity=positive
word=savage priorpolarity=negative
word=savage priorpolarity=negative
word=savage priorpolarity=negative
word=savaged priorpolarity=negative
word=savagely priorpolarity=negative
word=savagery priorpolarity=negative
word=savages priorpolarity=negative
word=savor priorpolarity=positive
word=savvy priorpolarity=positive
word=scandal priorpolarity=negative
word=scandal priorpolarity=negative
word=scandalize priorpolarity=negative
word=scandalized priorpolarity=negative
word=scandalous priorpolarity=negative
word=scandalously priorpolarity=negative
word=scandals priorpolarity=negative
word=scant priorpolarity=negative
word=scapegoat priorpolarity=negative
word=scar priorpolarity=negative
word=scar priorpolarity=negative
word=scarred priorpolarity=negative
word=scarce priorpolarity=negative
word=scarcely priorpolarity=negative
word=scarcity priorpolarity=negative
word=scare priorpolarity=negative
word=scared priorpolarity=negative
word=scarier priorpolarity=negative
word=scariest priorpolarity=negative
word=scarily priorpolarity=negative
word=scars priorpolarity=negative
word=scars priorpolarity=negative
word=scary priorpolarity=negative
word=scary priorpolarity=negative
word=scathing priorpolarity=negative
word=scathingly priorpolarity=negative
word=scenic priorpolarity=positive
word=scheme priorpolarity=negative
word=scheme priorpolarity=negative
word=scheming priorpolarity=negative
word=scholarly priorpolarity=neutral
word=scoff priorpolarity=negative
word=scoffingly priorpolarity=negative
word=scold priorpolarity=negative
word=scolding priorpolarity=negative
word=scoldingly priorpolarity=negative
word=scorching priorpolarity=negative
word=scorchingly priorpolarity=negative
word=scorn priorpolarity=negative
word=scornful priorpolarity=negative
word=scornfully priorpolarity=negative
word=scoundrel priorpolarity=negative
word=scourge priorpolarity=negative
word=scowl priorpolarity=negative
word=scowl priorpolarity=negative
word=scream priorpolarity=negative
word=screaming priorpolarity=neutral
word=screamingly priorpolarity=neutral
word=screech priorpolarity=negative
word=screech priorpolarity=negative
word=screw priorpolarity=negative
word=scruples priorpolarity=positive
word=scrupulous priorpolarity=positive
word=scrupulously priorpolarity=positive
word=scrutinize priorpolarity=neutral
word=scrutiny priorpolarity=neutral
word=scrutiny priorpolarity=neutral
word=scum priorpolarity=negative
word=scummy priorpolarity=negative
word=seamless priorpolarity=positive
word=seasoned priorpolarity=positive
word=second-class priorpolarity=negative
word=second-tier priorpolarity=negative
word=secretive priorpolarity=negative
word=secretive priorpolarity=negative
word=secure priorpolarity=positive
word=securely priorpolarity=positive
word=security priorpolarity=positive
word=security priorpolarity=positive
word=sedentary priorpolarity=negative
word=seductive priorpolarity=positive
word=seedy priorpolarity=negative
word=seem priorpolarity=neutral
word=seemingly priorpolarity=neutral
word=seethe priorpolarity=negative
word=seething priorpolarity=negative
word=selective priorpolarity=positive
word=self-coup priorpolarity=negative
word=self-coup priorpolarity=negative
word=self-criticism priorpolarity=negative
word=self-criticism priorpolarity=negative
word=self-defeating priorpolarity=negative
word=self-destructive priorpolarity=negative
word=self-determination priorpolarity=positive
word=self-determination priorpolarity=positive
word=self-examination priorpolarity=neutral
word=self-examination priorpolarity=neutral
word=self-humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word=self-humiliation priorpolarity=negative
word=self-interest priorpolarity=negative
word=self-interest priorpolarity=negative
word=self-interested priorpolarity=negative
word=self-respect priorpolarity=positive
word=self-satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word=self-satisfaction priorpolarity=positive
word=self-serving priorpolarity=negative
word=self-serving priorpolarity=negative
word=self-sufficiency priorpolarity=positive
word=self-sufficiency priorpolarity=positive
word=self-sufficient priorpolarity=positive
word=selfinterested priorpolarity=negative
word=selfish priorpolarity=negative
word=selfishly priorpolarity=negative
word=selfishness priorpolarity=negative
word=semblance priorpolarity=positive
word=senile priorpolarity=negative
word=sensation priorpolarity=positive
word=sensation priorpolarity=positive
word=sensational priorpolarity=positive
word=sensationalize priorpolarity=negative
word=sensationally priorpolarity=positive
word=sensations priorpolarity=positive
word=sensations priorpolarity=positive
word=sense priorpolarity=positive
word=sense priorpolarity=positive
word=sense priorpolarity=positive
word=senseless priorpolarity=negative
word=senselessly priorpolarity=negative
word=sensible priorpolarity=positive
word=sensibly priorpolarity=positive
word=sensitive priorpolarity=positive
word=sensitive priorpolarity=positive
word=sensitively priorpolarity=positive
word=sensitivity priorpolarity=positive
word=sensitivity priorpolarity=positive
word=sentiment priorpolarity=positive
word=sentiment priorpolarity=positive
word=sentimentality priorpolarity=positive
word=sentimentally priorpolarity=positive
word=sentiments priorpolarity=positive
word=serene priorpolarity=positive
word=serenity priorpolarity=positive
word=serious priorpolarity=negative
word=seriously priorpolarity=negative
word=seriousness priorpolarity=negative
word=sermonize priorpolarity=negative
word=servitude priorpolarity=negative
word=settle priorpolarity=positive
word=set-up priorpolarity=negative
word=set-up priorpolarity=negative
word=sever priorpolarity=negative
word=severe priorpolarity=negative
word=severe priorpolarity=negative
word=severely priorpolarity=negative
word=severity priorpolarity=negative
word=sexy priorpolarity=positive
word=shabby priorpolarity=negative
word=shadow priorpolarity=negative
word=shadowy priorpolarity=negative
word=shady priorpolarity=negative
word=shake priorpolarity=negative
word=shaky priorpolarity=negative
word=shallow priorpolarity=negative
word=sham priorpolarity=negative
word=shambles priorpolarity=negative
word=shame priorpolarity=negative
word=shame priorpolarity=negative
word=shameful priorpolarity=negative
word=shameful priorpolarity=negative
word=shamefully priorpolarity=negative
word=shamefully priorpolarity=negative
word=shamefulness priorpolarity=negative
word=shameless priorpolarity=negative
word=shamelessly priorpolarity=negative
word=shamelessness priorpolarity=negative
word=shark priorpolarity=negative
word=sharp priorpolarity=negative
word=sharply priorpolarity=negative
word=shatter priorpolarity=negative
word=sheer priorpolarity=negative
word=shelter priorpolarity=positive
word=shelter priorpolarity=positive
word=shield priorpolarity=positive
word=shimmer priorpolarity=positive
word=shimmering priorpolarity=positive
word=shimmeringly priorpolarity=positive
word=shine priorpolarity=positive
word=shiny priorpolarity=positive
word=shiny priorpolarity=positive
word=shirk priorpolarity=negative
word=shirker priorpolarity=negative
word=shipwreck priorpolarity=negative
word=shiver priorpolarity=negative
word=shock priorpolarity=negative
word=shock priorpolarity=negative
word=shock priorpolarity=negative
word=shocking priorpolarity=negative
word=shockingly priorpolarity=negative
word=shoddy priorpolarity=negative
word=short-lived priorpolarity=negative
word=shortage priorpolarity=negative
word=shortchange priorpolarity=negative
word=shortcoming priorpolarity=negative
word=shortcomings priorpolarity=negative
word=shortsighted priorpolarity=negative
word=shortsightedness priorpolarity=negative
word=should priorpolarity=neutral
word=show priorpolarity=neutral
word=showdown priorpolarity=negative
word=showdown priorpolarity=negative
word=shred priorpolarity=negative
word=shred priorpolarity=negative
word=shrew priorpolarity=negative
word=shrewd priorpolarity=positive
word=shrewdly priorpolarity=positive
word=shrewdness priorpolarity=positive
word=shriek priorpolarity=negative
word=shrill priorpolarity=negative
word=shrill priorpolarity=negative
word=shrilly priorpolarity=negative
word=shrivel priorpolarity=negative
word=shroud priorpolarity=negative
word=shrouded priorpolarity=negative
word=shrug priorpolarity=negative
word=shrug priorpolarity=negative
word=shun priorpolarity=negative
word=shunned priorpolarity=negative
word=shy priorpolarity=negative
word=shyly priorpolarity=negative
word=shyness priorpolarity=negative
word=sick priorpolarity=negative
word=sicken priorpolarity=negative
word=sickly priorpolarity=negative
word=sickening priorpolarity=negative
word=sickening priorpolarity=negative
word=sickeningly priorpolarity=negative
word=sickness priorpolarity=negative
word=sidetrack priorpolarity=negative
word=sidetracked priorpolarity=negative
word=siege priorpolarity=negative
word=signals priorpolarity=neutral
word=signals priorpolarity=neutral
word=significant priorpolarity=positive
word=significance priorpolarity=positive
word=signify priorpolarity=positive
word=sillily priorpolarity=negative
word=silly priorpolarity=negative
word=simmer priorpolarity=negative
word=simple priorpolarity=positive
word=simplicity priorpolarity=positive
word=simplified priorpolarity=positive
word=simplify priorpolarity=positive
word=simplistic priorpolarity=negative
word=simplistic priorpolarity=negative
word=simplistically priorpolarity=negative
word=simply priorpolarity=neutral
word=sin priorpolarity=negative
word=sin priorpolarity=negative
word=sinful priorpolarity=negative
word=sinfully priorpolarity=negative
word=sincere priorpolarity=positive
word=sincerely priorpolarity=positive
word=sincerity priorpolarity=positive
word=sincerity priorpolarity=positive
word=sinister priorpolarity=negative
word=sinisterly priorpolarity=negative
word=sinking priorpolarity=negative
word=sinking priorpolarity=negative
word=skeletons priorpolarity=negative
word=skeletons priorpolarity=negative
word=skeptical priorpolarity=negative
word=skeptical priorpolarity=negative
word=skeptically priorpolarity=negative
word=skepticism priorpolarity=negative
word=skepticism priorpolarity=negative
word=sketchy priorpolarity=negative
word=skill priorpolarity=positive
word=skilled priorpolarity=positive
word=skillful priorpolarity=positive
word=skillful priorpolarity=positive
word=skillfully priorpolarity=positive
word=skimpy priorpolarity=negative
word=skittish priorpolarity=negative
word=skittish priorpolarity=negative
word=skittishly priorpolarity=negative
word=skulk priorpolarity=negative
word=skyrocketing priorpolarity=negative
word=slack priorpolarity=negative
word=slander priorpolarity=negative
word=slander priorpolarity=negative
word=slanderer priorpolarity=negative
word=slanderous priorpolarity=negative
word=slanderously priorpolarity=negative
word=slanders priorpolarity=negative
word=slanders priorpolarity=negative
word=slap priorpolarity=negative
word=slashing priorpolarity=negative
word=slashing priorpolarity=negative
word=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word=slaughter priorpolarity=negative
word=slaughtered priorpolarity=negative
word=slaves priorpolarity=negative
word=slaves priorpolarity=negative
word=sleazy priorpolarity=negative
word=sleek priorpolarity=positive
word=sleepy priorpolarity=neutral
word=slender priorpolarity=positive
word=slight priorpolarity=negative
word=slight priorpolarity=negative
word=slight priorpolarity=negative
word=slightly priorpolarity=negative
word=slim priorpolarity=positive
word=slim priorpolarity=positive
word=slime priorpolarity=negative
word=sloppy priorpolarity=negative
word=sloppily priorpolarity=negative
word=sloth priorpolarity=negative
word=slothful priorpolarity=negative
word=slow priorpolarity=negative
word=slowly priorpolarity=negative
word=slow-moving priorpolarity=negative
word=slug priorpolarity=negative
word=sluggish priorpolarity=negative
word=slump priorpolarity=negative
word=slump priorpolarity=negative
word=slur priorpolarity=negative
word=sly priorpolarity=negative
word=smack priorpolarity=negative
word=smack priorpolarity=negative
word=smart priorpolarity=positive
word=smart priorpolarity=positive
word=smarter priorpolarity=positive
word=smartest priorpolarity=positive
word=smartly priorpolarity=positive
word=smash priorpolarity=negative
word=smash priorpolarity=negative
word=smear priorpolarity=negative
word=smelling priorpolarity=negative
word=smile priorpolarity=positive
word=smile priorpolarity=positive
word=smiling priorpolarity=positive
word=smilingly priorpolarity=positive
word=smitten priorpolarity=positive
word=smokescreen priorpolarity=negative
word=smokescreen priorpolarity=negative
word=smolder priorpolarity=negative
word=smoldering priorpolarity=negative
word=smooth priorpolarity=positive
word=smother priorpolarity=negative
word=smoulder priorpolarity=negative
word=smouldering priorpolarity=negative
word=smug priorpolarity=negative
word=smugly priorpolarity=negative
word=smut priorpolarity=negative
word=smuttier priorpolarity=negative
word=smuttiest priorpolarity=negative
word=smutty priorpolarity=negative
word=snare priorpolarity=negative
word=snarl priorpolarity=negative
word=snarl priorpolarity=negative
word=snatch priorpolarity=negative
word=sneak priorpolarity=negative
word=sneak priorpolarity=negative
word=sneakily priorpolarity=negative
word=sneaky priorpolarity=negative
word=sneer priorpolarity=negative
word=sneer priorpolarity=negative
word=sneering priorpolarity=negative
word=sneeringly priorpolarity=negative
word=snub priorpolarity=negative
word=so priorpolarity=neutral
word=so-cal priorpolarity=negative
word=so-called priorpolarity=negative
word=sob priorpolarity=negative
word=sober priorpolarity=negative
word=sober priorpolarity=negative
word=sobering priorpolarity=negative
word=sociable priorpolarity=positive
word=soft-spoken priorpolarity=positive
word=soften priorpolarity=positive
word=soften priorpolarity=positive
word=soften priorpolarity=positive
word=solace priorpolarity=positive
word=solemn priorpolarity=negative
word=solemn priorpolarity=negative
word=solicitous priorpolarity=positive
word=solicitously priorpolarity=positive
word=solicitude priorpolarity=positive
word=solid priorpolarity=positive
word=solid priorpolarity=positive
word=solidarity priorpolarity=positive
word=solidarity priorpolarity=positive
word=soliloquize priorpolarity=neutral
word=somber priorpolarity=negative
word=soothe priorpolarity=positive
word=soothingly priorpolarity=positive
word=sophisticated priorpolarity=positive
word=sore priorpolarity=negative
word=sore priorpolarity=negative
word=sorely priorpolarity=negative
word=soreness priorpolarity=negative
word=sorrow priorpolarity=negative
word=sorrow priorpolarity=negative
word=sorrowful priorpolarity=negative
word=sorrowfully priorpolarity=negative
word=sorry priorpolarity=negative
word=sound priorpolarity=positive
word=sounding priorpolarity=negative
word=soundness priorpolarity=positive
word=sour priorpolarity=negative
word=sourly priorpolarity=negative
word=sovereignty priorpolarity=neutral
word=sovereignty priorpolarity=neutral
word=spacious priorpolarity=positive
word=spade priorpolarity=negative
word=spade priorpolarity=negative
word=spank priorpolarity=negative
word=spare priorpolarity=positive
word=sparing priorpolarity=positive
word=sparingly priorpolarity=positive
word=sparkle priorpolarity=positive
word=sparkling priorpolarity=positive
word=specific priorpolarity=neutral
word=specifically priorpolarity=neutral
word=special priorpolarity=positive
word=spectacular priorpolarity=positive
word=spectacularly priorpolarity=positive
word=speculate priorpolarity=neutral
word=speculation priorpolarity=neutral
word=speculation priorpolarity=neutral
word=speedy priorpolarity=positive
word=spellbind priorpolarity=positive
word=spellbinding priorpolarity=positive
word=spellbindingly priorpolarity=positive
word=spellbound priorpolarity=positive
word=spilling priorpolarity=negative
word=spilling priorpolarity=negative
word=spinster priorpolarity=negative
word=spirit priorpolarity=positive
word=spirit priorpolarity=positive
word=spirited priorpolarity=positive
word=spiritless priorpolarity=negative
word=spiritual priorpolarity=positive
word=spiritual priorpolarity=positive
word=spite priorpolarity=negative
word=spiteful priorpolarity=negative
word=spitefully priorpolarity=negative
word=spitefulness priorpolarity=negative
word=splayed-finger priorpolarity=neutral
word=splayed-finger priorpolarity=neutral
word=splendid priorpolarity=positive
word=splendidly priorpolarity=positive
word=splendor priorpolarity=positive
word=split priorpolarity=negative
word=split priorpolarity=negative
word=splitting priorpolarity=negative
word=spoil priorpolarity=negative
word=spook priorpolarity=negative
word=spookier priorpolarity=negative
word=spookiest priorpolarity=negative
word=spookily priorpolarity=negative
word=spooky priorpolarity=negative
word=spooky priorpolarity=negative
word=spoon-fed priorpolarity=negative
word=spoon-feed priorpolarity=negative
word=spoonfed priorpolarity=negative
word=sporadic priorpolarity=negative
word=spot priorpolarity=negative
word=spotless priorpolarity=positive
word=spotty priorpolarity=negative
word=sprightly priorpolarity=positive
word=spur priorpolarity=positive
word=spurious priorpolarity=negative
word=spurn priorpolarity=negative
word=sputter priorpolarity=negative
word=squabble priorpolarity=negative
word=squabbling priorpolarity=negative
word=squander priorpolarity=negative
word=squarely priorpolarity=positive
word=squash priorpolarity=negative
word=squirm priorpolarity=negative
word=stab priorpolarity=negative
word=stability priorpolarity=positive
word=stability priorpolarity=positive
word=stabilize priorpolarity=positive
word=stable priorpolarity=positive
word=stable priorpolarity=positive
word=stagger priorpolarity=negative
word=staggering priorpolarity=negative
word=staggeringly priorpolarity=negative
word=stagnant priorpolarity=negative
word=stagnate priorpolarity=negative
word=stagnation priorpolarity=negative
word=staid priorpolarity=negative
word=stain priorpolarity=negative
word=stainless priorpolarity=positive
word=stake priorpolarity=negative
word=stake priorpolarity=negative
word=stale priorpolarity=negative
word=stalemate priorpolarity=negative
word=stammer priorpolarity=negative
word=stampede priorpolarity=negative
word=stampede priorpolarity=negative
word=stance priorpolarity=neutral
word=stance priorpolarity=neutral
word=stances priorpolarity=neutral
word=stances priorpolarity=neutral
word=stand priorpolarity=positive
word=stands priorpolarity=neutral
word=stands priorpolarity=neutral
word=standstill priorpolarity=negative
word=star priorpolarity=positive
word=star priorpolarity=positive
word=stark priorpolarity=negative
word=starkly priorpolarity=negative
word=stars priorpolarity=positive
word=stars priorpolarity=positive
word=startle priorpolarity=negative
word=startling priorpolarity=negative
word=startlingly priorpolarity=negative
word=starvation priorpolarity=negative
word=starve priorpolarity=negative
word=stately priorpolarity=positive
word=statements priorpolarity=neutral
word=statements priorpolarity=neutral
word=static priorpolarity=negative
word=statuesque priorpolarity=positive
word=staunch priorpolarity=positive
word=staunchly priorpolarity=positive
word=staunchness priorpolarity=positive
word=steadfast priorpolarity=positive
word=steadfastly priorpolarity=positive
word=steadfastness priorpolarity=positive
word=steadiness priorpolarity=positive
word=steady priorpolarity=positive
word=steal priorpolarity=negative
word=stealing priorpolarity=negative
word=steep priorpolarity=negative
word=steeply priorpolarity=negative
word=stellar priorpolarity=positive
word=stellarly priorpolarity=positive
word=stench priorpolarity=negative
word=stereotype priorpolarity=negative
word=stereotypical priorpolarity=negative
word=stereotypically priorpolarity=negative
word=stern priorpolarity=negative
word=stern priorpolarity=negative
word=stew priorpolarity=negative
word=sticky priorpolarity=negative
word=stiff priorpolarity=negative
word=stifle priorpolarity=negative
word=stifling priorpolarity=negative
word=stiflingly priorpolarity=negative
word=stigma priorpolarity=negative
word=stigma priorpolarity=negative
word=stigmatize priorpolarity=negative
word=still priorpolarity=neutral
word=stimulate priorpolarity=positive
word=stimulating priorpolarity=positive
word=stimulative priorpolarity=positive
word=sting priorpolarity=negative
word=sting priorpolarity=negative
word=sting priorpolarity=negative
word=stinging priorpolarity=negative
word=stingingly priorpolarity=negative
word=stink priorpolarity=negative
word=stink priorpolarity=negative
word=stinking priorpolarity=negative
word=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word=stir priorpolarity=neutral
word=stirring priorpolarity=positive
word=stirringly priorpolarity=positive
word=stodgy priorpolarity=negative
word=stole priorpolarity=negative
word=stolen priorpolarity=negative
word=stolen priorpolarity=negative
word=stood priorpolarity=positive
word=stooge priorpolarity=negative
word=stooges priorpolarity=negative
word=stooges priorpolarity=negative
word=storm priorpolarity=negative
word=stormy priorpolarity=negative
word=straggle priorpolarity=negative
word=straggler priorpolarity=negative
word=straight priorpolarity=positive
word=straightforward priorpolarity=positive
word=strain priorpolarity=negative
word=strain priorpolarity=negative
word=strained priorpolarity=negative
word=strange priorpolarity=negative
word=strange priorpolarity=negative
word=strangely priorpolarity=negative
word=stranger priorpolarity=negative
word=strangest priorpolarity=negative
word=strangle priorpolarity=negative
word=streamlined priorpolarity=positive
word=strength priorpolarity=neutral
word=strength priorpolarity=neutral
word=strenuous priorpolarity=negative
word=stress priorpolarity=negative
word=stress priorpolarity=negative
word=stressful priorpolarity=negative
word=stressfully priorpolarity=negative
word=stricken priorpolarity=negative
word=strict priorpolarity=negative
word=strictly priorpolarity=negative
word=stride priorpolarity=positive
word=stride priorpolarity=positive
word=strident priorpolarity=negative
word=stridently priorpolarity=negative
word=strides priorpolarity=positive
word=strides priorpolarity=positive
word=strife priorpolarity=negative
word=strike priorpolarity=negative
word=striking priorpolarity=positive
word=strikingly priorpolarity=positive
word=stringent priorpolarity=negative
word=stringently priorpolarity=negative mpqapolarity=strongneg
word=striving priorpolarity=positive
word=striving priorpolarity=positive
word=strong priorpolarity=positive
word=stronger-than-expected priorpolarity=neutral
word=struck priorpolarity=negative
word=struggle priorpolarity=negative
word=struggle priorpolarity=negative
word=strut priorpolarity=negative
word=stubborn priorpolarity=negative
word=stubbornly priorpolarity=negative
word=stubbornness priorpolarity=negative
word=studious priorpolarity=positive
word=studiously priorpolarity=positive
word=stuffed priorpolarity=neutral
word=stuffy priorpolarity=negative
word=stumble priorpolarity=negative
word=stump priorpolarity=negative
word=stun priorpolarity=negative
word=stunned priorpolarity=positive
word=stunning priorpolarity=positive
word=stunningly priorpolarity=positive
word=stunt priorpolarity=negative
word=stunted priorpolarity=negative
word=stupefy priorpolarity=neutral
word=stupendous priorpolarity=positive
word=stupendously priorpolarity=positive
word=stupid priorpolarity=negative
word=stupidity priorpolarity=negative
word=stupidly priorpolarity=negative
word=stupified priorpolarity=negative
word=stupify priorpolarity=negative
word=stupor priorpolarity=negative
word=sturdy priorpolarity=positive
word=sty priorpolarity=negative
word=sty priorpolarity=negative
word=stylish priorpolarity=positive
word=stylishly priorpolarity=positive
word=suave priorpolarity=positive
word=subdued priorpolarity=negative
word=subjected priorpolarity=negative
word=subjection priorpolarity=negative
word=subjugate priorpolarity=negative
word=subjugate priorpolarity=negative
word=subjugation priorpolarity=negative
word=sublime priorpolarity=positive
word=submissive priorpolarity=negative
word=subordinate priorpolarity=negative
word=subordinate priorpolarity=negative
word=subscribe priorpolarity=positive
word=subservience priorpolarity=negative
word=subservient priorpolarity=negative
word=subside priorpolarity=negative
word=substandard priorpolarity=negative
word=substantial priorpolarity=positive
word=substantially priorpolarity=positive
word=substantive priorpolarity=positive
word=subtle priorpolarity=positive
word=subtract priorpolarity=negative
word=subversion priorpolarity=negative
word=subversive priorpolarity=negative
word=subversively priorpolarity=negative
word=subvert priorpolarity=negative
word=succeed priorpolarity=positive
word=success priorpolarity=positive
word=success priorpolarity=positive
word=successful priorpolarity=positive
word=successfully priorpolarity=positive
word=succumb priorpolarity=negative
word=such priorpolarity=neutral
word=sucker priorpolarity=negative
word=suffer priorpolarity=negative
word=sufferer priorpolarity=negative
word=sufferers priorpolarity=negative
word=sufferers priorpolarity=negative
word=suffering priorpolarity=negative
word=suffering priorpolarity=negative
word=suffice priorpolarity=positive
word=sufficient priorpolarity=positive
word=sufficiently priorpolarity=positive
word=suffocate priorpolarity=negative
word=sugar-coat priorpolarity=negative
word=sugar-coated priorpolarity=negative
word=sugarcoated priorpolarity=negative
word=suggest priorpolarity=positive
word=suggestions priorpolarity=positive
word=suggestions priorpolarity=positive
word=suicidal priorpolarity=negative
word=suicide priorpolarity=negative
word=suit priorpolarity=positive
word=suitable priorpolarity=positive
word=sulk priorpolarity=negative
word=sullen priorpolarity=negative
word=sully priorpolarity=negative
word=sumptuous priorpolarity=positive
word=sumptuously priorpolarity=positive
word=sumptuousness priorpolarity=positive
word=sunder priorpolarity=negative
word=sunny priorpolarity=positive
word=super priorpolarity=positive
word=superb priorpolarity=positive
word=superbly priorpolarity=positive
word=superficial priorpolarity=negative
word=superficial priorpolarity=negative
word=superficiality priorpolarity=negative
word=superficially priorpolarity=negative
word=superfluous priorpolarity=negative
word=superior priorpolarity=positive
word=superiority priorpolarity=negative
word=superiority priorpolarity=negative
word=superlative priorpolarity=positive
word=superstition priorpolarity=negative
word=superstitious priorpolarity=negative
word=support priorpolarity=positive
word=support priorpolarity=positive
word=support priorpolarity=positive
word=supporter priorpolarity=positive
word=supporter priorpolarity=positive
word=supportive priorpolarity=positive
word=supportive priorpolarity=positive
word=suppose priorpolarity=neutral
word=supposed priorpolarity=negative
word=supposing priorpolarity=neutral
word=suppress priorpolarity=negative
word=suppression priorpolarity=negative
word=suppression priorpolarity=negative
word=supremacy priorpolarity=negative
word=supremacy priorpolarity=negative
word=supreme priorpolarity=positive
word=supremely priorpolarity=positive
word=supurb priorpolarity=positive
word=supurbly priorpolarity=positive
word=sure priorpolarity=positive
word=surely priorpolarity=positive
word=surge priorpolarity=positive
word=surging priorpolarity=positive
word=surmise priorpolarity=positive
word=surmount priorpolarity=positive
word=surpass priorpolarity=positive
word=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word=surprise priorpolarity=neutral
word=surprising priorpolarity=neutral
word=surprisingly priorpolarity=neutral
word=surrender priorpolarity=negative
word=surrender priorpolarity=negative
word=survival priorpolarity=positive
word=survive priorpolarity=positive
word=survivor priorpolarity=positive
word=susceptible priorpolarity=negative
word=suspect priorpolarity=negative
word=suspect priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicion priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicion priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicions priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicions priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word=suspicious priorpolarity=negative
word=suspiciously priorpolarity=negative
word=sustainability priorpolarity=positive
word=sustainability priorpolarity=positive
word=sustainable priorpolarity=positive
word=sustainable priorpolarity=positive
word=sustained priorpolarity=positive
word=swagger priorpolarity=negative
word=swamped priorpolarity=negative
word=swear priorpolarity=negative
word=sweeping priorpolarity=positive
word=sweet priorpolarity=positive
word=sweeten priorpolarity=positive
word=sweetheart priorpolarity=positive
word=sweetly priorpolarity=positive
word=sweetness priorpolarity=positive
word=swift priorpolarity=positive
word=swiftness priorpolarity=positive
word=swindle priorpolarity=negative
word=swing priorpolarity=neutral
word=swing priorpolarity=neutral
word=swipe priorpolarity=negative
word=swipe priorpolarity=negative
word=swoon priorpolarity=negative
word=swore priorpolarity=negative
word=sworn priorpolarity=positive
word=sympathetic priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathetic priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathetically priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathies priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathies priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathize priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathy priorpolarity=negative
word=sympathy priorpolarity=negative
word=symptom priorpolarity=negative
word=syndrome priorpolarity=negative
word=syndrome priorpolarity=negative
word=systematic priorpolarity=neutral
word=taboo priorpolarity=negative
word=taboo priorpolarity=negative
word=tact priorpolarity=positive
word=taint priorpolarity=negative
word=tainted priorpolarity=negative
word=tale priorpolarity=neutral
word=tale priorpolarity=neutral
word=talent priorpolarity=positive
word=talent priorpolarity=positive
word=talented priorpolarity=positive
word=tall priorpolarity=neutral
word=tamper priorpolarity=negative
word=tangled priorpolarity=negative
word=tantalize priorpolarity=positive
word=tantalizing priorpolarity=positive
word=tantalizingly priorpolarity=positive
word=tantamount priorpolarity=neutral
word=tantrum priorpolarity=negative
word=tardy priorpolarity=negative
word=tarnish priorpolarity=negative
word=taste priorpolarity=positive
word=taste priorpolarity=neutral
word=tattered priorpolarity=negative
word=taunt priorpolarity=negative
word=taunt priorpolarity=negative
word=taunting priorpolarity=negative
word=tauntingly priorpolarity=negative
word=taunts priorpolarity=negative
word=tawdry priorpolarity=negative
word=tease priorpolarity=negative
word=teasingly priorpolarity=negative
word=taxing priorpolarity=negative
word=tedious priorpolarity=negative
word=tediously priorpolarity=negative
word=temerity priorpolarity=negative
word=temper priorpolarity=negative
word=temper priorpolarity=negative
word=temperance priorpolarity=positive
word=temperate priorpolarity=positive
word=tempest priorpolarity=negative
word=tempt priorpolarity=positive
word=temptation priorpolarity=negative
word=tempting priorpolarity=positive
word=temptingly priorpolarity=positive
word=tenacious priorpolarity=positive
word=tenaciously priorpolarity=positive
word=tenacity priorpolarity=positive
word=tendency priorpolarity=neutral
word=tendency priorpolarity=neutral
word=tender priorpolarity=positive
word=tenderly priorpolarity=positive
word=tenderness priorpolarity=positive
word=tense priorpolarity=negative
word=tension priorpolarity=negative
word=tension priorpolarity=negative
word=tentative priorpolarity=negative
word=tentatively priorpolarity=negative
word=tenuous priorpolarity=negative
word=tenuously priorpolarity=negative
word=tepid priorpolarity=negative
word=terrible priorpolarity=negative
word=terrible priorpolarity=negative
word=terribleness priorpolarity=negative
word=terribly priorpolarity=negative
word=terrific priorpolarity=positive
word=terrific priorpolarity=positive
word=terrifically priorpolarity=positive
word=terrified priorpolarity=positive
word=terrify priorpolarity=positive
word=terrifying priorpolarity=positive
word=terrifying priorpolarity=positive
word=terrifyingly priorpolarity=positive
word=terror priorpolarity=negative
word=terror-genic priorpolarity=negative
word=terror-genic priorpolarity=negative
word=terrorism priorpolarity=negative
word=terrorize priorpolarity=negative
word=thank priorpolarity=positive
word=thankful priorpolarity=positive
word=thankfully priorpolarity=positive
word=thankless priorpolarity=negative
word=theoretize priorpolarity=neutral
word=therefore priorpolarity=neutral
word=think priorpolarity=neutral
word=thinkable priorpolarity=positive
word=thinkable priorpolarity=positive
word=thinking priorpolarity=neutral
word=thinking priorpolarity=neutral
word=thirst priorpolarity=negative
word=thirst priorpolarity=negative
word=thorny priorpolarity=negative
word=thorny priorpolarity=negative
word=thorough priorpolarity=positive
word=though priorpolarity=neutral
word=thought priorpolarity=neutral
word=thought priorpolarity=neutral
word=thoughtful priorpolarity=positive
word=thoughtfully priorpolarity=positive
word=thoughtfulness priorpolarity=positive
word=thoughtless priorpolarity=negative
word=thoughtlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=thoughtlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=thrash priorpolarity=negative
word=threat priorpolarity=negative
word=threat priorpolarity=negative
word=threaten priorpolarity=negative
word=threatening priorpolarity=negative
word=threatening priorpolarity=negative
word=threats priorpolarity=negative
word=threats priorpolarity=negative
word=thrift priorpolarity=positive
word=thrifty priorpolarity=positive
word=thrill priorpolarity=positive
word=thrill priorpolarity=positive
word=thrilling priorpolarity=positive
word=thrillingly priorpolarity=positive
word=thrills priorpolarity=positive
word=thrive priorpolarity=positive
word=thriving priorpolarity=positive
word=throttle priorpolarity=negative
word=throw priorpolarity=negative
word=thumb priorpolarity=negative
word=thumbs priorpolarity=negative
word=thumbs priorpolarity=negative
word=thus priorpolarity=neutral
word=thusly priorpolarity=neutral
word=thwart priorpolarity=negative
word=tickle priorpolarity=positive
word=tidy priorpolarity=positive
word=time-honored priorpolarity=positive
word=timely priorpolarity=positive
word=timid priorpolarity=negative
word=timidity priorpolarity=negative
word=timidly priorpolarity=negative
word=timidness priorpolarity=negative
word=tingle priorpolarity=positive
word=tint priorpolarity=neutral
word=tiny priorpolarity=negative
word=tire priorpolarity=negative
word=tired priorpolarity=negative
word=tiresome priorpolarity=negative
word=tiring priorpolarity=negative
word=tiring priorpolarity=negative
word=tiringly priorpolarity=negative
word=titillate priorpolarity=positive
word=titillating priorpolarity=positive
word=titillatingly priorpolarity=positive
word=toast priorpolarity=positive
word=togetherness priorpolarity=positive
word=toil priorpolarity=negative
word=tolerable priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerably priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerance priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerance priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerant priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerantly priorpolarity=positive
word=tolerate priorpolarity=positive
word=toleration priorpolarity=positive
word=toll priorpolarity=negative
word=toll priorpolarity=negative
word=too priorpolarity=negative
word=top priorpolarity=positive
word=topple priorpolarity=negative
word=torment priorpolarity=negative
word=torment priorpolarity=negative
word=tormented priorpolarity=negative
word=torrent priorpolarity=negative
word=torrid priorpolarity=positive
word=torridly priorpolarity=positive
word=torture priorpolarity=negative
word=torture priorpolarity=negative
word=tortured priorpolarity=negative
word=tortuous priorpolarity=negative
word=torturous priorpolarity=negative
word=torturously priorpolarity=negative
word=totalitarian priorpolarity=negative
word=tradition priorpolarity=positive
word=traditional priorpolarity=positive
word=touch priorpolarity=neutral
word=touches priorpolarity=neutral
word=touches priorpolarity=neutral
word=touchy priorpolarity=negative
word=toughness priorpolarity=negative
word=toughness priorpolarity=negative
word=toxic priorpolarity=negative
word=traduce priorpolarity=negative
word=tragedy priorpolarity=negative
word=tragedy priorpolarity=negative
word=tragic priorpolarity=negative
word=tragically priorpolarity=negative
word=traitor priorpolarity=negative
word=traitorous priorpolarity=negative
word=traitorously priorpolarity=negative
word=traitorously priorpolarity=negative
word=tramp priorpolarity=negative
word=trample priorpolarity=negative
word=tranquil priorpolarity=positive
word=tranquility priorpolarity=positive
word=tranquility priorpolarity=positive
word=transgress priorpolarity=negative
word=transgression priorpolarity=negative
word=transparency priorpolarity=neutral
word=transparency priorpolarity=neutral
word=transparent priorpolarity=neutral
word=transparent priorpolarity=neutral
word=transport priorpolarity=neutral
word=trauma priorpolarity=negative
word=trauma priorpolarity=negative
word=traumatic priorpolarity=negative
word=traumatic priorpolarity=negative
word=traumatically priorpolarity=negative
word=traumatize priorpolarity=negative
word=traumatized priorpolarity=negative
word=travesties priorpolarity=negative
word=travesty priorpolarity=negative
word=travesty priorpolarity=negative
word=treacherous priorpolarity=negative
word=treacherously priorpolarity=negative
word=treachery priorpolarity=negative
word=treason priorpolarity=negative
word=treasonous priorpolarity=negative
word=treasure priorpolarity=positive
word=treat priorpolarity=positive
word=tremendous priorpolarity=positive
word=tremendously priorpolarity=positive
word=trendy priorpolarity=positive
word=trepidation priorpolarity=positive
word=trial priorpolarity=negative
word=tribute priorpolarity=positive
word=trick priorpolarity=negative
word=trick priorpolarity=negative
word=tricky priorpolarity=negative
word=tricky priorpolarity=negative
word=trickery priorpolarity=negative
word=trim priorpolarity=positive
word=triumph priorpolarity=positive
word=triumph priorpolarity=positive
word=triumphal priorpolarity=positive
word=triumphant priorpolarity=positive
word=triumphant priorpolarity=positive
word=triumphantly priorpolarity=positive
word=trivial priorpolarity=negative
word=trivial priorpolarity=negative
word=trivialize priorpolarity=negative
word=trivially priorpolarity=negative
word=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word=trouble priorpolarity=negative
word=troublemaker priorpolarity=negative
word=troublemaker priorpolarity=negative
word=troublesome priorpolarity=negative
word=troublesome priorpolarity=negative
word=troublesomely priorpolarity=negative
word=troubling priorpolarity=negative
word=troublingly priorpolarity=negative
word=truant priorpolarity=negative
word=truculent priorpolarity=positive
word=truculently priorpolarity=positive
word=true priorpolarity=positive
word=truly priorpolarity=positive
word=trump priorpolarity=positive
word=trumpet priorpolarity=positive
word=trust priorpolarity=positive
word=trust priorpolarity=positive
word=trust priorpolarity=positive
word=trusting priorpolarity=positive
word=trustingly priorpolarity=positive
word=trustworthiness priorpolarity=positive
word=trustworthy priorpolarity=positive
word=truth priorpolarity=positive
word=truthful priorpolarity=positive
word=truthfully priorpolarity=positive
word=truthfulness priorpolarity=positive
word=try priorpolarity=negative
word=trying priorpolarity=negative
word=tumultuous priorpolarity=negative
word=turbulent priorpolarity=negative
word=turmoil priorpolarity=negative
word=twinkly priorpolarity=positive
word=twist priorpolarity=negative
word=twist priorpolarity=negative
word=twisted priorpolarity=negative
word=twists priorpolarity=negative
word=twists priorpolarity=negative
word=tyrannical priorpolarity=negative
word=tyrannically priorpolarity=negative
word=tyranny priorpolarity=negative
word=tyrant priorpolarity=negative
word=ugh priorpolarity=negative
word=ugliness priorpolarity=negative
word=ugliness priorpolarity=negative
word=ugly priorpolarity=negative
word=ulterior priorpolarity=negative
word=ultimate priorpolarity=positive
word=ultimately priorpolarity=positive
word=ultimatum priorpolarity=negative
word=ultimatums priorpolarity=negative
word=ultimatums priorpolarity=negative
word=ultra priorpolarity=positive
word=ultra-hardline priorpolarity=negative
word=ultra-hardline priorpolarity=negative
word=unabashed priorpolarity=positive
word=unabashedly priorpolarity=positive
word=unable priorpolarity=negative
word=unacceptable priorpolarity=negative
word=unacceptablely priorpolarity=negative
word=unaccustomed priorpolarity=negative
word=unanimous priorpolarity=positive
word=unassailable priorpolarity=positive
word=unassailable priorpolarity=positive
word=unattractive priorpolarity=negative
word=unaudited priorpolarity=neutral
word=unauthentic priorpolarity=negative
word=unavailable priorpolarity=negative
word=unavoidable priorpolarity=negative
word=unavoidably priorpolarity=negative
word=unbiased priorpolarity=positive
word=unbearable priorpolarity=negative
word=unbearablely priorpolarity=negative
word=unbelievable priorpolarity=negative
word=unbelievably priorpolarity=negative
word=unbosom priorpolarity=positive
word=unbound priorpolarity=positive
word=unbroken priorpolarity=positive
word=uncertain priorpolarity=negative
word=uncivil priorpolarity=negative
word=uncivilized priorpolarity=negative
word=uncivilized priorpolarity=negative
word=unclean priorpolarity=negative
word=unclear priorpolarity=negative
word=uncollectible priorpolarity=negative
word=uncomfortable priorpolarity=negative
word=uncommon priorpolarity=positive
word=uncommonly priorpolarity=positive
word=uncompetitive priorpolarity=negative
word=uncompromising priorpolarity=negative
word=uncompromisingly priorpolarity=negative
word=unconcerned priorpolarity=positive
word=unconditional priorpolarity=positive
word=unconfirmed priorpolarity=negative
word=unconstitutional priorpolarity=negative
word=uncontrolled priorpolarity=negative
word=unconventional priorpolarity=positive
word=unconvincing priorpolarity=negative
word=unconvincingly priorpolarity=negative
word=uncouth priorpolarity=negative
word=undaunted priorpolarity=positive
word=undecided priorpolarity=negative
word=undefined priorpolarity=negative
word=undependability priorpolarity=negative
word=undependable priorpolarity=negative
word=underdog priorpolarity=negative
word=underdog priorpolarity=negative
word=underestimate priorpolarity=negative
word=underlings priorpolarity=negative
word=underlings priorpolarity=negative
word=undermine priorpolarity=negative
word=underpaid priorpolarity=negative
word=understand priorpolarity=positive
word=understandable priorpolarity=positive
word=understanding priorpolarity=positive
word=understanding priorpolarity=positive
word=understood priorpolarity=positive
word=understate priorpolarity=positive
word=understated priorpolarity=positive
word=understatedly priorpolarity=positive
word=undesirable priorpolarity=negative
word=undetermined priorpolarity=negative
word=undid priorpolarity=negative
word=undignified priorpolarity=negative
word=undisputable priorpolarity=positive
word=undisputably priorpolarity=positive
word=undisputed priorpolarity=positive
word=undo priorpolarity=negative
word=undocumented priorpolarity=negative
word=undone priorpolarity=negative
word=undoubted priorpolarity=positive
word=undoubtedly priorpolarity=positive
word=undue priorpolarity=negative
word=unease priorpolarity=negative
word=unease priorpolarity=negative
word=uneasily priorpolarity=negative
word=uneasiness priorpolarity=negative
word=uneasiness priorpolarity=negative
word=uneasy priorpolarity=negative
word=uneconomical priorpolarity=negative
word=unencumbered priorpolarity=positive
word=unequal priorpolarity=negative
word=unequivocal priorpolarity=positive
word=unequivocal priorpolarity=positive
word=unequivocally priorpolarity=positive
word=unethical priorpolarity=negative
word=uneven priorpolarity=negative
word=uneventful priorpolarity=negative
word=unexpected priorpolarity=negative
word=unexpectedly priorpolarity=negative
word=unexplained priorpolarity=negative
word=unfair priorpolarity=negative
word=unfairly priorpolarity=negative
word=unfaithful priorpolarity=negative
word=unfaithfully priorpolarity=negative
word=unfamiliar priorpolarity=negative
word=unfavorable priorpolarity=negative
word=unfazed priorpolarity=positive
word=unfeeling priorpolarity=negative
word=unfettered priorpolarity=positive
word=unfinished priorpolarity=negative
word=unfit priorpolarity=negative
word=unforeseen priorpolarity=negative
word=unforgettable priorpolarity=positive
word=unfortunate priorpolarity=negative
word=unfortunately priorpolarity=negative
word=unfounded priorpolarity=negative
word=unfriendly priorpolarity=negative
word=unfulfilled priorpolarity=negative
word=unfunded priorpolarity=negative
word=ungrateful priorpolarity=negative
word=ungovernable priorpolarity=negative
word=ungovernable priorpolarity=negative
word=unhappily priorpolarity=negative
word=unhappiness priorpolarity=negative
word=unhappy priorpolarity=negative
word=unhealthy priorpolarity=negative
word=uniform priorpolarity=positive
word=uniformly priorpolarity=positive
word=unilateralism priorpolarity=negative
word=unilateralism priorpolarity=negative
word=unimaginable priorpolarity=negative
word=unimaginably priorpolarity=negative
word=unimportant priorpolarity=negative
word=uninformed priorpolarity=negative
word=uninsured priorpolarity=negative
word=unipolar priorpolarity=negative
word=unipolar priorpolarity=negative
word=unique priorpolarity=positive
word=unity priorpolarity=positive
word=unity priorpolarity=positive
word=universal priorpolarity=positive
word=unjust priorpolarity=negative
word=unjustifiable priorpolarity=negative
word=unjustifiably priorpolarity=negative
word=unjustified priorpolarity=negative
word=unjustly priorpolarity=negative
word=unkind priorpolarity=negative
word=unkindly priorpolarity=negative
word=unlamentable priorpolarity=negative
word=unlamentably priorpolarity=negative
word=unlawful priorpolarity=negative
word=unlawfully priorpolarity=negative
word=unlawfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=unlawfulness priorpolarity=negative
word=unleash priorpolarity=negative
word=unlicensed priorpolarity=negative
word=unlikely priorpolarity=negative
word=unlimited priorpolarity=positive
word=unlucky priorpolarity=negative
word=unmoved priorpolarity=negative
word=unnatural priorpolarity=negative
word=unnaturally priorpolarity=negative
word=unnecessary priorpolarity=negative
word=unneeded priorpolarity=negative
word=unnerve priorpolarity=negative
word=unnerved priorpolarity=negative
word=unnerving priorpolarity=negative
word=unnervingly priorpolarity=negative
word=unnoticed priorpolarity=negative
word=unobserved priorpolarity=negative
word=unorthodox priorpolarity=negative
word=unorthodoxy priorpolarity=negative
word=unparalleled priorpolarity=positive
word=unpleasant priorpolarity=negative
word=unpleasantries priorpolarity=negative
word=unpleasantries priorpolarity=negative
word=unpopular priorpolarity=negative
word=unprecedent priorpolarity=negative
word=unprecedented priorpolarity=negative
word=unpredictable priorpolarity=negative
word=unprepared priorpolarity=negative
word=unpretentious priorpolarity=positive
word=unproductive priorpolarity=negative
word=unprofitable priorpolarity=negative
word=unqualified priorpolarity=negative
word=unquestionable priorpolarity=positive
word=unquestionably priorpolarity=positive
word=unravel priorpolarity=negative
word=unravel priorpolarity=negative
word=unraveled priorpolarity=negative
word=unrealistic priorpolarity=negative
word=unreasonable priorpolarity=negative
word=unreasonable priorpolarity=negative
word=unreasonably priorpolarity=negative
word=unrelenting priorpolarity=negative
word=unrelenting priorpolarity=negative
word=unrelentingly priorpolarity=negative
word=unreliability priorpolarity=negative
word=unreliability priorpolarity=negative
word=unreliable priorpolarity=negative
word=unresolved priorpolarity=negative
word=unrest priorpolarity=negative
word=unrestricted priorpolarity=positive
word=unruly priorpolarity=negative
word=unsafe priorpolarity=negative
word=unsatisfactory priorpolarity=negative
word=unsavory priorpolarity=negative
word=unscathed priorpolarity=positive
word=unscrupulous priorpolarity=negative
word=unscrupulously priorpolarity=negative
word=unseemly priorpolarity=negative
word=unselfish priorpolarity=positive
word=unsettle priorpolarity=negative
word=unsettled priorpolarity=negative
word=unsettling priorpolarity=negative
word=unsettlingly priorpolarity=negative
word=unskilled priorpolarity=negative
word=unsophisticated priorpolarity=negative
word=unsound priorpolarity=negative
word=unspeakable priorpolarity=negative
word=unspeakablely priorpolarity=negative
word=unspecified priorpolarity=negative
word=unstable priorpolarity=negative
word=unsteadily priorpolarity=negative
word=unsteadiness priorpolarity=negative
word=unsteady priorpolarity=negative
word=unsuccessful priorpolarity=negative
word=unsuccessfully priorpolarity=negative
word=unsupported priorpolarity=negative
word=unsure priorpolarity=negative
word=unsuspecting priorpolarity=negative
word=unsustainable priorpolarity=negative
word=untenable priorpolarity=negative
word=untested priorpolarity=negative
word=unthinkable priorpolarity=negative
word=unthinkably priorpolarity=negative
word=untimely priorpolarity=negative
word=untouched priorpolarity=positive
word=untrained priorpolarity=positive
word=untrue priorpolarity=negative
word=untrustworthy priorpolarity=negative
word=untruthful priorpolarity=negative
word=unusual priorpolarity=negative
word=unusually priorpolarity=negative
word=unwanted priorpolarity=negative
word=unwarranted priorpolarity=negative
word=unwelcome priorpolarity=negative
word=unwieldy priorpolarity=negative
word=unwilling priorpolarity=negative
word=unwillingly priorpolarity=negative
word=unwillingness priorpolarity=negative
word=unwise priorpolarity=negative
word=unwisely priorpolarity=negative
word=unworkable priorpolarity=negative
word=unworthy priorpolarity=negative
word=unyielding priorpolarity=negative
word=upbeat priorpolarity=positive
word=upbraid priorpolarity=negative
word=upfront priorpolarity=positive
word=upgrade priorpolarity=positive
word=upheaval priorpolarity=negative
word=upheld priorpolarity=positive
word=uphold priorpolarity=positive
word=uplift priorpolarity=positive
word=uplifting priorpolarity=positive
word=upliftingly priorpolarity=positive
word=upliftment priorpolarity=positive
word=upliftment priorpolarity=positive
word=upright priorpolarity=positive
word=uprising priorpolarity=negative
word=uproar priorpolarity=negative
word=uproarious priorpolarity=negative
word=uproariously priorpolarity=negative
word=uproarous priorpolarity=negative
word=uproarously priorpolarity=negative
word=uproot priorpolarity=negative
word=upscale priorpolarity=positive
word=upset priorpolarity=negative
word=upset priorpolarity=negative
word=upsetting priorpolarity=negative
word=upsetting priorpolarity=negative
word=upsettingly priorpolarity=negative
word=upside priorpolarity=positive
word=upside priorpolarity=positive
word=upward priorpolarity=positive
word=urge priorpolarity=positive
word=urgency priorpolarity=negative
word=urgency priorpolarity=negative
word=urgent priorpolarity=negative
word=urgent priorpolarity=negative
word=urgently priorpolarity=negative
word=usable priorpolarity=positive
word=useful priorpolarity=positive
word=usefulness priorpolarity=positive
word=useless priorpolarity=negative
word=usurp priorpolarity=negative
word=usurper priorpolarity=negative
word=utilitarian priorpolarity=positive
word=utmost priorpolarity=positive
word=utter priorpolarity=negative
word=utterances priorpolarity=neutral
word=utterances priorpolarity=neutral
word=utterly priorpolarity=negative
word=uttermost priorpolarity=positive
word=vagrant priorpolarity=negative
word=vague priorpolarity=negative
word=vague priorpolarity=negative
word=vagueness priorpolarity=negative
word=vain priorpolarity=negative
word=vainly priorpolarity=negative
word=valiant priorpolarity=positive
word=valiantly priorpolarity=positive
word=valid priorpolarity=positive
word=validity priorpolarity=positive
word=valor priorpolarity=positive
word=valuable priorpolarity=positive
word=valuable priorpolarity=positive
word=value priorpolarity=positive
word=values priorpolarity=positive
word=values priorpolarity=positive
word=vanish priorpolarity=negative
word=vanity priorpolarity=negative
word=vanquish priorpolarity=positive
word=vast priorpolarity=positive
word=vastly priorpolarity=positive
word=vastness priorpolarity=positive
word=vehement priorpolarity=negative
word=vehemently priorpolarity=negative
word=venerable priorpolarity=positive
word=venerably priorpolarity=positive
word=venerate priorpolarity=positive
word=vengeance priorpolarity=negative
word=vengeful priorpolarity=negative
word=vengefully priorpolarity=negative
word=vengefulness priorpolarity=negative
word=venom priorpolarity=negative
word=venom priorpolarity=negative
word=venomous priorpolarity=negative
word=venomously priorpolarity=negative
word=vent priorpolarity=negative
word=vent priorpolarity=negative
word=verifiable priorpolarity=positive
word=veritable priorpolarity=positive
word=versatile priorpolarity=positive
word=versatility priorpolarity=positive
word=very priorpolarity=neutral
word=vestiges priorpolarity=negative
word=vestiges priorpolarity=negative
word=veto priorpolarity=negative
word=veto priorpolarity=negative
word=vex priorpolarity=negative
word=vex priorpolarity=negative
word=vexation priorpolarity=negative
word=vexing priorpolarity=negative
word=vexingly priorpolarity=negative
word=viable priorpolarity=positive
word=viability priorpolarity=positive
word=vibrant priorpolarity=positive
word=vibrantly priorpolarity=positive
word=vice priorpolarity=negative
word=vicious priorpolarity=negative
word=viciously priorpolarity=negative
word=viciousness priorpolarity=negative
word=victimize priorpolarity=negative
word=victorious priorpolarity=positive
word=victory priorpolarity=positive
word=victory priorpolarity=positive
word=vie priorpolarity=negative
word=view priorpolarity=neutral
word=view priorpolarity=neutral
word=view priorpolarity=neutral
word=viewpoints priorpolarity=neutral
word=viewpoints priorpolarity=neutral
word=views priorpolarity=neutral
word=views priorpolarity=neutral
word=vigilance priorpolarity=positive
word=vigilant priorpolarity=positive
word=vigilant priorpolarity=positive
word=vigorous priorpolarity=positive
word=vigorously priorpolarity=positive
word=vile priorpolarity=negative
word=vileness priorpolarity=negative
word=vilify priorpolarity=negative
word=villainous priorpolarity=negative
word=villainously priorpolarity=negative
word=villains priorpolarity=negative
word=villains priorpolarity=negative
word=villian priorpolarity=negative
word=villianous priorpolarity=negative
word=villianously priorpolarity=negative
word=villify priorpolarity=negative
word=vindicate priorpolarity=positive
word=vindictive priorpolarity=negative
word=vindictively priorpolarity=negative
word=vindictiveness priorpolarity=negative
word=vintage priorpolarity=positive
word=violate priorpolarity=negative
word=violation priorpolarity=negative
word=violator priorpolarity=negative
word=violator priorpolarity=negative
word=violent priorpolarity=negative
word=violently priorpolarity=negative
word=viper priorpolarity=negative
word=virtue priorpolarity=positive
word=virtuous priorpolarity=positive
word=virtuously priorpolarity=positive
word=virulence priorpolarity=negative
word=virulent priorpolarity=negative
word=virulently priorpolarity=negative
word=virus priorpolarity=negative
word=virus priorpolarity=negative
word=visionary priorpolarity=positive
word=vital priorpolarity=positive
word=vitality priorpolarity=positive
word=vitality priorpolarity=positive
word=vivacious priorpolarity=positive
word=vivid priorpolarity=positive
word=vocal priorpolarity=neutral
word=vocal priorpolarity=neutral
word=vocally priorpolarity=negative
word=vociferous priorpolarity=negative
word=vociferously priorpolarity=negative
word=void priorpolarity=negative
word=volatile priorpolarity=negative
word=volatility priorpolarity=negative
word=voluntarily priorpolarity=positive
word=voluntary priorpolarity=positive
word=vomit priorpolarity=negative
word=vomit priorpolarity=negative
word=vouch priorpolarity=positive
word=vouchsafe priorpolarity=positive
word=vow priorpolarity=positive
word=vulgar priorpolarity=negative
word=vulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word=vulnerable priorpolarity=positive
word=wail priorpolarity=negative
word=wallow priorpolarity=negative
word=wane priorpolarity=negative
word=waning priorpolarity=negative
word=waning priorpolarity=negative
word=want priorpolarity=positive
word=wanton priorpolarity=negative
word=war priorpolarity=negative
word=war priorpolarity=negative
word=war-like priorpolarity=negative
word=war-like priorpolarity=negative
word=warfare priorpolarity=negative
word=warlike priorpolarity=negative
word=warm priorpolarity=positive
word=warmhearted priorpolarity=positive
word=warmly priorpolarity=positive
word=warmth priorpolarity=positive
word=warning priorpolarity=negative
word=warning priorpolarity=negative
word=warp priorpolarity=negative
word=warped priorpolarity=negative
word=wary priorpolarity=negative
word=warily priorpolarity=negative
word=wariness priorpolarity=negative
word=waste priorpolarity=negative
word=waste priorpolarity=negative
word=wasteful priorpolarity=negative
word=wastefulness priorpolarity=negative
word=watchdog priorpolarity=negative
word=watchdog priorpolarity=negative
word=wayward priorpolarity=negative
word=weak priorpolarity=negative
word=weaken priorpolarity=negative
word=weakening priorpolarity=negative
word=weakening priorpolarity=negative
word=weakness priorpolarity=negative
word=weakness priorpolarity=negative
word=weaknesses priorpolarity=negative
word=weaknesses priorpolarity=negative
word=wealthy priorpolarity=positive
word=weariness priorpolarity=negative
word=wearisome priorpolarity=negative
word=weary priorpolarity=negative
word=weary priorpolarity=negative
word=weary priorpolarity=negative
word=wedge priorpolarity=negative
word=wedge priorpolarity=negative
word=wee priorpolarity=negative
word=weed priorpolarity=negative
word=weep priorpolarity=negative
word=weird priorpolarity=negative
word=weird priorpolarity=negative
word=weirdly priorpolarity=negative
word=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word=welcome priorpolarity=positive
word=welfare priorpolarity=positive
word=welfare priorpolarity=positive
word=well priorpolarity=positive
word=well priorpolarity=positive
word=well-being priorpolarity=positive
word=well-being priorpolarity=positive
word=well-connected priorpolarity=positive
word=well-educated priorpolarity=positive
word=well-established priorpolarity=positive
word=well-informed priorpolarity=positive
word=well-intentioned priorpolarity=positive
word=well-managed priorpolarity=positive
word=well-positioned priorpolarity=positive
word=well-publicized priorpolarity=positive
word=well-received priorpolarity=positive
word=well-regarded priorpolarity=positive
word=well-run priorpolarity=positive
word=well-wishers priorpolarity=positive
word=well-wishers priorpolarity=positive
word=wellbeing priorpolarity=positive
word=wellbeing priorpolarity=positive
word=whatever priorpolarity=negative
word=wheedle priorpolarity=negative
word=whiff priorpolarity=neutral
word=whiff priorpolarity=neutral
word=whimper priorpolarity=negative
word=whimsical priorpolarity=positive
word=whine priorpolarity=negative
word=whine priorpolarity=negative
word=whips priorpolarity=negative
word=whips priorpolarity=negative
word=white priorpolarity=positive
word=wholeheartedly priorpolarity=positive
word=wholesome priorpolarity=positive
word=wicked priorpolarity=negative
word=wickedly priorpolarity=negative
word=wickedness priorpolarity=negative
word=wide priorpolarity=positive
word=wide-open priorpolarity=positive
word=wide-ranging priorpolarity=positive
word=widespread priorpolarity=negative
word=wild priorpolarity=negative
word=wildly priorpolarity=negative
word=wiles priorpolarity=negative
word=will priorpolarity=positive
word=will priorpolarity=positive
word=willful priorpolarity=positive
word=willfully priorpolarity=positive
word=willing priorpolarity=positive
word=willingness priorpolarity=positive
word=willingness priorpolarity=positive
word=wilt priorpolarity=negative
word=wily priorpolarity=negative
word=wince priorpolarity=negative
word=wink priorpolarity=positive
word=wink priorpolarity=positive
word=winnable priorpolarity=positive
word=winnable priorpolarity=positive
word=winners priorpolarity=positive
word=winners priorpolarity=positive
word=wisdom priorpolarity=positive
word=wisdom priorpolarity=positive
word=wise priorpolarity=positive
word=wise priorpolarity=positive
word=wisely priorpolarity=positive
word=wish priorpolarity=positive
word=wish priorpolarity=positive
word=wish priorpolarity=positive
word=wishes priorpolarity=positive
word=wishes priorpolarity=positive
word=wishing priorpolarity=positive
word=wishing priorpolarity=positive
word=withheld priorpolarity=negative
word=withhold priorpolarity=negative
word=witty priorpolarity=positive
word=woe priorpolarity=negative
word=woebegone priorpolarity=negative
word=woeful priorpolarity=negative
word=woefully priorpolarity=negative
word=wonder priorpolarity=positive
word=wonderful priorpolarity=positive
word=wonderful priorpolarity=positive
word=wonderfully priorpolarity=positive
word=wonderous priorpolarity=positive
word=wonderously priorpolarity=positive
word=wondrous priorpolarity=positive
word=woo priorpolarity=positive
word=workable priorpolarity=positive
word=world-famous priorpolarity=positive
word=worn priorpolarity=negative
word=worn priorpolarity=negative
word=worried priorpolarity=negative
word=worriedly priorpolarity=negative
word=worrier priorpolarity=negative
word=worries priorpolarity=negative
word=worries priorpolarity=negative
word=worrisome priorpolarity=negative
word=worry priorpolarity=negative
word=worry priorpolarity=negative
word=worry priorpolarity=negative
word=worrying priorpolarity=negative
word=worryingly priorpolarity=negative
word=worse priorpolarity=negative
word=worsen priorpolarity=negative
word=worsening priorpolarity=negative
word=worship priorpolarity=positive
word=worst priorpolarity=negative
word=worth priorpolarity=positive
word=worth priorpolarity=positive
word=worth-while priorpolarity=positive
word=worthiness priorpolarity=positive
word=worthless priorpolarity=negative
word=worthlessly priorpolarity=negative
word=worthlessness priorpolarity=negative
word=worthwhile priorpolarity=positive
word=worthy priorpolarity=positive
word=would priorpolarity=neutral
word=wound priorpolarity=negative
word=wound priorpolarity=negative
word=wound priorpolarity=negative
word=wounds priorpolarity=negative
word=wounds priorpolarity=negative
word=wow priorpolarity=positive
word=wow priorpolarity=positive
word=wreck priorpolarity=negative
word=wreck priorpolarity=negative
word=wrangle priorpolarity=negative
word=wrath priorpolarity=negative
word=wrest priorpolarity=negative
word=wrestle priorpolarity=negative
word=wretch priorpolarity=negative
word=wretched priorpolarity=negative
word=wretchedly priorpolarity=negative
word=wretchedness priorpolarity=negative
word=writhe priorpolarity=negative
word=wrong priorpolarity=negative
word=wrong priorpolarity=negative
word=wrongful priorpolarity=negative
word=wrongly priorpolarity=negative
word=wrought priorpolarity=negative
word=wrought priorpolarity=negative
word=wry priorpolarity=positive
word=yawn priorpolarity=negative
word=yawn priorpolarity=negative
word=yeah priorpolarity=neutral
word=yearn priorpolarity=positive
word=yearning priorpolarity=positive
word=yearningly priorpolarity=positive
word=yelp priorpolarity=negative
word=yep priorpolarity=positive
word=yes priorpolarity=positive
word=youthful priorpolarity=positive
word=zeal priorpolarity=positive
word=zealot priorpolarity=negative
word=zealous priorpolarity=negative
word=zealously priorpolarity=negative
word=zenith priorpolarity=positive
word=zest priorpolarity=positive
